How do I get a presale or offer code?
We’ve put together a list of the most common types of presales so you can determine the best ways to get access to presale and offer codes for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see.

Ticketmaster only provides codes for the Live Nation presale or offer codes listed below.

Verified Fan Presale Registration
Some artists allow fans to register for presale tickets. On the day of the presale, fans that have registered will be sent a text with a presale code. 

Follow your favorite artists, teams or Ticketmaster on social media for this opportunity. Visit the FAQ How do I register for a Verified Fan event? for more information.

Ticketmaster Presale
Sign up to receive special offers from Ticketmaster.

Once you’ve signed up, use our desktop site to favorite all the artists, performers, teams and venues that you love, so we can notify you about upcoming sales in the future. App favorites don’t generate presale emails.

Live Nation Presale
If you’ve a Live Nation account, you'll receive email alerts about some upcoming Live Nation presales. 

You use the same sign-in details from your Ticketmaster account to sign into Live Nation. No account? Get yours now.

Need the Live Nation presale password? Use VINYL or ICONIC.

Social Media Presale
Follow your favorite artists’, venues’ or show’s social media pages and keep your eyes peeled for the unique presales they share. Followers will be first in line to get the most recent presale codes the day they go live.

Venue Presale
Visit all your favorite venues’ websites and subscribe to their newsletters. Local venues host presales too so sign up to their email list to find out the where, when and how to participate. 

Credit Card Presale
Credit card companies like Citibank and Chase may offer their cardholders special presale access as perks for being loyal customers. Check with your credit card company to find out if they offer any benefits or assistance when purchasing live entertainment events.

Fan Club Presale
Typically, fan club members are rewarded for their loyalty and given presale access to their favorite artists’ shows. 

Just so you know, there may be a cost associated with joining a fan club or community, so read all the details before signing up! 

If you haven’t received your fan club presale code, visit your artist's official site to find contact information. 

Fan Club Bundle
Some artists give non-fan club members early access to tickets when they purchase a special Fan Club Bundle. With this bundle, you can get access to the specified presale period with the purchase of an official fan club membership. 

In most cases, there’s an additional cost associated with purchasing the fan club membership.

Spotify Presale
When you actively listen and follow your favorite artists, Spotify may select you to receive a unique presale code. Make sure you are receiving their email notifications by reviewing your Spotify account. 

Album Pre-order Presale
Sometimes tours offer a presale code to the fans who have pre-ordered the artist’s new album. Sign up to notifications from your favorite artist and Live Nation to find out about these opportunities. 

Team Presale
Visit your sports team’s website for more information on how to join their email list.

Radio presale
Listen closely on air or visit the station’s website for details on signing up and securing passwords for presale. There won’t be one specific radio station so listen to all the stations that play your favorite artists. 

Remember, not all events have presales or offers.

-

What’s the code to get Citi presale tickets and Citi preferred tickets?
If you have a Citi credit card or Citi MasterCard debit card, the Citi presale code is the first six digits of your account number (no dashes) on the front of your card. You must use the same card for purchase.

Citi Preferred tickets don't require a password, but will require a Citi credit card to purchase. Don’t have a card? Apply today.

-
How do I get fan club presale tickets?
First, join the fan club from the artist’s official fan club site. As a club member, you’ll get an email with a unique presale code before the upcoming ticket presale starts. 

But, not all fan clubs have presale offers.

Some artists give fans the chance to buy tickets and a fan club membership together during their presales on Livenation.com — so you won’t need a presale code.

When buying your tickets on the interactive seat map, use the Filters button and look for the Ticket + Fan Club Membership under ticket types.

-
How do presales work?
Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets. 

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Unlock buton or link on your event to enter your presale code.
-
How do I take part in Chase presales and preferred seating?
Fans with Chase credit cards have exclusive access to Chase presales and preferred seating.

If you have a Chase card, look for exclusive offers from Chase by using the Filters button and selecting the Chase sale in the Ticket Types section. And if you’re asked for a code, just enter the first six digits of your Chase credit card account number. You’ll need to pay with your eligible Chase credit card to partake in the offer.

Card numbers starting with a six or seven may not be eligible for all offers.
-
Why isn't my fan club presale code working?
Fan club presale codes are case sensitive, so be sure to enter your code exactly as it appears from the fan club! If you still get an incorrect code error, contact the fan club.

Still having trouble getting tickets? Remember that presale tickets are limited and a code doesn't guarantee getting them — they could have sold out already! But, if your group doesn’t mind sitting separately, try changing your ticket quantity as there may be only single seats or pairs of seats left.

-
I joined a fan club, where's my presale code?
All fan club presale codes come from fan clubs, not from Live Nation. Please contact the fan club if you didn't get an email from them with your code.
-
Where's my fan club activation email?
You'll get it in 7-10 business days (unless otherwise noted).

Contact Fan Support if you haven't received it after the 10th business day.
-
How do I register for a Verified Fan event?
Each event using Verified Fan has its own custom registration page that is accessible through the link included in the announcement from the artist, team or show. We share it on Twitter too, so make sure you follow us!

Registering is easy — it takes just a few minutes.

To register as a Verified Fan, follow these simple steps:

Click on the link in the artist’s announcement in your email or on Twitter to go to the custom registration page.
Sign in using your My Account or create an account if you don’t have one.
Tell us what shows you’re interested in and submit your registration; we’ll keep you up to date with all the latest information.
We’ll send you a confirmation email to let you know your registration was successful and what you can expect next.
-
U2:UV Achtung Baby Live at Sphere
u2.jpg

Key Dates and Times to Know
Registration
Verified Fan registration is now open and will close on Wednesday, 4/26/23 at 10 a.m ET.

Registration Site: https://u2.ticketmaster.com/

To learn more about the U2.com subscriber presale, VIP and hotel packages please visit, https://u2.ticketmaster.com/ and https://blog.ticketmaster.com/u2/.

Invitation
Verified Fan Presale Invitations will be sent on the evening before the Verified Fan Presale is scheduled to start to fans who have been verified and invited to shop. In that invitation email, we will include timing details for when you will receive a link to where you can purchase your tickets and your unique access code.

Before the sale begins, we’ll text the number you provided during registration with your unique access code and link to buy tickets.

Remember, only Ticketmaster can provide access codes. Visit the blog How to Avoid Fake “Speculative” Tickets for Live Events for more information on how to spot fake tickets.

Important Things to Know During the VF Presale
If I receive a code, am I guaranteed tickets?

You can shop for tickets if you receive an access code, but it’s not guaranteed you’ll be able to purchase tickets. They’re available on a first come, first served basis.

How many tickets can I buy with my code?

You can purchase up to 4 tickets with your unique code and only for the show indicated in the text you received.

Can I share my access code?

Verified Fan codes can't be purchased or transferred. Your access code is unique to your individual account.

How do I join the queue?

By signing in through the link we texted the phone number you provided during registration, you can easily access the queue.

I got an email saying I’m on the waitlist, what does that mean?

When demand exceeds availability, a lottery-style process will determine which registered Verified Fans will receive a unique access code and which will be put on the waitlist.

Receiving an email saying you’re on the waitlist means that if tickets remain, we may text you an access code to join the ticket sale. The lottery-style process will be used to determine who gets off the waitlist.

Face Value Ticket Exchange
To give fans the best chance to buy tickets at face value, the artist has requested general admission (GA) tickets to these events be mobile only and restricted from transfer. If you purchase a ticket and can't attend, you can list your ticket for sale at the price you paid on our Face Value Ticket Exchange starting this spring. There will be no additional fees charged to Exchange users for buying or selling tickets on the Exchange. To learn more about Ticketmaster's Face Value Ticket Exchange, please read our FAQ.

Delivery
Tickets for U2 are mobile only entry. What is Mobile Entry?

Hotel Packages
For questions about U2 hotel packages, please visit https://u2.vibee.com/.

Need additional help with your unique Verified Fan code?
We’re here to help. To reach Fan Support about your code, follow these steps:

Visit this form.
Under the Please select a topic section, select Verified Fan.
Under Event name, type U2.
Fill in the other required fields.
Submit your form.
Have questions about Ticketmaster Verified Fan? Visit our Verified Fan blog to learn more.
-
Key Dates and Times to Know
Registration
Verified Fan registration is now open and will close on Tuesday, 4/25/23 at 5 p.m. PT.

Registration Site: verifiedfan.ticketmaster.com/pearljam

Invitation
Verified Fan Onsale Invitations will be sent on the evening before the Verified Fan Onsale is scheduled to start to fans who have been verified and invited to shop. In that invitation email, we will include timing details for when you will receive a link to where you can purchase your tickets and your unique access code.

Before the sale begins, we’ll text the number you provided during registration with your unique access code and link to buy tickets.

Remember, only Ticketmaster can provide access codes. Visit the blog How to Avoid Fake “Speculative” Tickets for Live Events for more information on how to spot fake tickets.

Important Things to Know During the VF Onsale
If I receive a code, am I guaranteed tickets?

You can shop for tickets if you receive an access code, but it’s not guaranteed you’ll be able to purchase tickets. They’re available on a first come, first served basis.

How many tickets can I buy with my code?

You can purchase up to 4 tickets with your unique code and only for the show indicated in the text you received.

Can I share my access code?

Verified Fan codes can't be purchased or transferred. Your access code is unique to your individual account.

How do I join the queue?

By signing in through the link we texted the phone number you provided during registration, you can easily access the queue.

I got an email saying I’m on the waitlist, what does that mean?

When demand exceeds availability, a lottery-style process will determine which registered Verified Fans will receive a unique access code and which will be put on the waitlist.
Receiving an email saying you’re on the waitlist means that if tickets remain, we may text you an access code to join the ticket sale. The lottery-style process will be used to determine who gets off the waitlist.

Face Value Ticket Exchange
To give fans the best chance to buy tickets at face value, the artist has requested tickets to this event be mobile only and restricted from transfer*. If you purchase a ticket and can't attend, you can list your ticket for sale at the price you paid on our Face Value Ticket Exchange starting this spring. There will be no additional fees charged to Exchange users for buying or selling tickets on the Exchange. To learn more about Ticketmaster's Face Value Ticket Exchange, please read our FAQ.

*Ticket Transfer will be available for Chicago.

Delivery
Pearl Jam tickets are mobile only and have a delivery delay — the period of time between the purchase and access to a ticket. It’s used to prevent tickets from being accessed until we can confirm everyone has adhered to the event ticket limit and didn’t use unfair ticket technology to buy in bulk.

If your order has a delivery delay, mobile ticket barcodes won’t be available until the delivery delay passes.

The delivery delay for Pearl Jam tickets is in place until approximately 72 hours before your event date.

Need additional help with your unique Verified Fan code?
We’re here to help. To reach Fan Support about your code, follow these steps:

Visit this form.
Under the Please select a topic section, select Verified Fan.
Under Event name, type Pearl Jam.
Fill in the other required fields.
Submit your form.
Have questions about Ticketmaster Verified Fan? Visit our Verified Fan blog to learn more.
-
Ticketmaster Verified Fan Request | Taylor Swift The Eras Tour 2023
How was I selected for this opportunity?
Ticketmaster and the artist team have worked to provide this opportunity to as many fans as possible who received codes during the initial Verified Fan Presale, or who were placed on the waitlist, and did not purchase tickets. Due to demand, there is no way to provide this opportunity to everyone who is interested in tickets.

Are there more fans being offered this purchase opportunity?
Opportunities will be made available periodically over the coming months for other shows. Any fans receiving those opportunities will be notified via text.

How many tickets can I purchase?
Selected fans will have an opportunity to purchase a maximum of four (4) tickets for one show in their designated market using their unique access code.

Does getting an access code mean I will get tickets?
Receiving an access code means that you’ll have the opportunity to shop for tickets at shows in your designated market. However, the ability to purchase tickets is determined by supply and demand, and is not guaranteed. Tickets are available on a first come, first serve basis.

If selected, fans will receive a text message to the phone number provided during registration. This text will include a unique access code and a link to shop any shows in your designated market where tickets remain. Keep an eye out for this text and be careful not to accidentally delete it.

The Waiting Room will open 10 minutes before the sale begins. You may only join the Waiting Room using the same Ticketmaster Account that you registered with.

When the sale begins, fans in the Waiting Room will be assigned a spot in line. When it is your turn to shop, you must enter your access code exactly as it appears in your text for the chance to access tickets.

Can I share my access code with my friends or family?
No. To purchase tickets with your unique code, you must be logged in to the Ticketmaster Account you registered with. Your access code is unique to your account and for this reason, fans will not be able to share their codes with friends or family.

What device should I use to purchase tickets?
All ticket purchases must be made online. Please be prepared to shop for tickets using your computer, mobile web, or Ticketmaster app. Tickets will not be available by phone call.

Can I sign into the same Ticketmaster Account on multiple devices to shop?
No, when you sign into the same account on multiple devices it may result in errors and/or limit you from shopping. Before the sale begins, please double check you are only signed into the Ticketmaster Account you registered with on one device.

How many tabs can I have open at once?
One tab per show.

You may only use multiple tabs on the same device when shopping for more than one show (if you received an invitation to multiple shows). As a reminder:

If you’d like to shop for tickets to multiple shows, you will need to join the Waiting Room for each one.
Please only join the Waiting Room once and only use one tab per show to reduce any delays.
Once you join the Waiting Room, do not close your page.
What are the health check requirements?
In the best interest of fans and staff, the event organizers are monitoring local COVID-19 trends and will meet or exceed protocols mandated by local governments and local venues. By purchasing tickets to this event, you agree to abide by the health and safety measures in effect at the time of the event, which may include, but not be limited to, wearing masks, providing proof of vaccination & booster status and/or providing proof of negative COVID-19 test. Check back often for updates to your event venue website as guidelines are subject to change.

Where can I find more information on the U.S. leg of Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour?
For more information, visit taylorswift.com.


-
How do I purchase tickets for events powered by Ticketmaster Verified Fan?
It’s a simple, standard purchase process and the steps below will help you navigate your search and p

It’s simple! Follow the steps below to help you navigate your search and purchase.

Before the sale
Are you verified?

If we’ve sent you a confirmation email that you’ve been verified, we’ll send you a text message with a unique access code shortly before the sale begins. The message will include timing details, a link to where you can purchase your tickets and your unique access code. 

Where are you buying the tickets? 

To prepare for the sale on Ticketmaster, follow these steps:

Sign into your My Account. Make sure you know your Ticketmaster password or reset it in advance if you’ve forgotten! Visit the FAQ How do I reset my password? for more information
Make sure you’ve got up-to-date valid credit card and billing information in your account. Visit the FAQ How do I update a credit card in My Account? for more information. 
To prepare for the sale on other sites:

Not all events are sold on Ticketmaster. Requirements vary depending on the ticket provider, but proactively setting up your account with a valid credit card and updated billing information is encouraged — and you’ll get your tickets faster! 

When the sale begins
At the specified time, click the link you were sent. If you’re using a desktop — make sure you’ve typed in the link from your phone so you’re ready.
You’ll enter the Smart Queue. To keep your place in line, stay on the page and don’t refresh.
Once it’s your turn, enter the unique code exactly how it appears in the text in the space labeled Offer Code.
Find your tickets. These are available on a first-come, first-serve basis as tickets aren’t guaranteed. Each event has a strict maximum ticket limit.
Then checkout!
-
Why isn’t my Verified Fan Code working?
If you registered for a Verified Fan Presale and received an access code through text or email from Ticketmaster, but it’s not working, try checking these things first:

Make sure the event is on sale. Verified Fan access codes are sent out before the event goes on sale but won’t work until the event is actually on sale.
You must be signed in with the same email address you used to register for presale.
You must enter the presale access code exactly how it appears in your text or email.
Then, if your code still isn’t working, you can contact Fan Support. Make sure you provide the same email address and phone number you used to register for the Verified Fan presale. In the Event Name field on the form, please enter the name of the artist/band.

If you’ve received an access code, you’ll have the opportunity to shop for tickets in the presale. However, the ability to purchase tickets is not guaranteed — they’re available on a first come, first served basis.
-
What is Ticketmaster Verified Fan?
Ticketmaster Verified Fan is committed to getting more tickets into the hands of fans fairly.

We’re collaborating with artists, teams and shows who want to leverage powerful Ticketmaster technology to create a safe, reliable ticket-buying experience for their fans. 

A random selection of registered fans receives a unique code that allows them to enter the presale and purchase tickets before the general public. Ticketmaster Verified Fan doesn’t guarantee everyone tickets, but the unique codes allow more fans who intend to go to the show to get tickets — not ticket bots.
-
How do I know I am registered for a Verified Fan event?
Once you’ve registered, we’ll send you a confirmation email to let you know your registration was successful and what you can expect next. The email doesn’t guarantee that you’ll receive an access code to shop for tickets. You can also find your status on the registration page by signing in with the email address you used to register.

As we get closer to the Verified Fan ticket sale, you’ll receive an email with additional information about your status.


-
Can I register for multiple Verified Fan tour dates?
During a single Verified Fan registration period, fans can choose more than one event date. If you're not selected for your first choice, you may still be selected for a different event date.


-
How do I know if I was selected to receive a Verified Fan code after registering?
Before the sale, we’ll send you an email confirmation letting you know if you’ve been invited to shop for tickets. The process varies from event to event, and the number of codes provided to fans is based on ticket demand and availability.

Registering doesn’t guarantee you’ll receive a code or be able to purchase tickets.
-
Can I register for the Verified Fan event from outside the U.S.?
Yes, but it varies from event to event. When attempting to register, make sure you include your country code with your mobile number.

-
Am I guaranteed tickets if I get a Verified Fan code?
If you receive an access code, you can shop for tickets. But it’s not guaranteed you’ll be able to purchase tickets. They’re available on a first-come, first-served basis.

-
Can I register more than once for the same Verified Fan event?
You can only register once per account. If you’ve already registered, but want to change the dates you’ve selected, you can edit your selection by returning to the registration site. We only keep the last registration you submitted.
-
Can I register more than once for the same Verified Fan event?
You can only register once per account. If you’ve already registered, but want to change the dates you’ve selected, you can edit your selection by returning to the registration site. We only keep the last registration you submitted.

-
Accepted payment methods
Payments can't be split between multiple cards. All ticket prices are stated in the currency of the location where the event takes place.

Read the lists below carefully to see if your payment method is accepted.

The following payment options are accepted:

PayPal
Visa
MasterCard
Discover
American Express
Ticketmaster Gift Card
Debit cards with a major credit card logo
Venmo
Diners Club; however, Diners Club and Ticketmaster Gift Cards can't be used to buy Fan-to-Fan Resale Tickets.
The following payment options aren’t accepted:

Banamex Visa
Banamex Mastercard
Banamex Debito
Banamex Debito Visa
Banamex Debito Mastercard
Santander Visa
Santander Mastercard
Visa Emitida en Mexico
Mastercard Emitida en Mexico
Santander American Express
Ticketmaster will never ask you to purchase any third-party gift card to use as a form of payment for tickets.

International cards

International cards are also accepted on our desktop site. The Ticketmaster app only accepts credit cards with a U.S. or Canadian billing address.


-
Are payment plan options available?
Payment plans aren’t available for all events. But, if an event offers a payment plan, it will be noted as an option when selecting your ticket type. 

Payment plan schedules and details will also be available on the event page, but not for purchasing on our app.

All of the subsequent payments will be automatically charged to the card used for the original purchase on the fifth day of every month after the initial charge. If your card is declined, we’ll attempt to take payment again four days later.

If your credit card has been lost, stolen or updated by your credit card company, contact Fan Support.
-
Klarna: Everything you need to know
Klarna is a company that offers flexible online payment options for Ticketmaster shoppers through Klarna Financing. If you’d like to know more about Klarna visit klarna.com.

How do I shop with Klarna?
You can opt to pay with Klarna by following these steps: 

Add item(s) to your cart and head to the checkout. Only the total purchase amounts that qualify will be offered the option to pay using Klarna.
View and select your preferred Klarna payment option.
Select Klarna at the checkout to pay for your purchase.
You can manage your orders and payments in the Klarna app.
What is Pay in 4 and how does it work?
Pay in 4, serviced by Klarna, allows fans to split your purchase into four interest-free payments — spreading the cost of your purchase over time.

If your cart’s eligible for Pay in 4, you’ll be able to select Klarna as a payment method when you checkout. The first payment will be taken from your card when your order is shipped or received. The remaining payments will be automatically charged to your card every two weeks. You’ll be kept informed about the next payments. If you pay on time, there’s no interest or fees. Find out more at klarna.com.

How do I sign up for Pay in 4?

If you meet the requirements below and your cart’s eligible, you can select Klarna at checkout. To sign up, you’ll need:

A U.S.-issued debit or credit card,
To be 18 years of age or over,
A SMS-capable phone number and
A U.S. residential address.
Will Pay in 4 require a credit check and will it impact my credit score?

When you choose to apply for Pay in 4, Klarna may perform a soft credit check that won’t impact your credit score or show up as a hard inquiry on your credit report. Visit Klarna's FAQ Does Klarna perform a credit check? for more information.

Which payment methods are accepted by Klarna?

Klarna currently accepts most debit and credit cards (i.e., Mastercard, Visa, Discover, American Express). At this time, prepaid cards aren’t accepted.

How will I know if Klarna has received my payment?

Klarna will send you an email confirmation for all completed payments. You can also call 1-844-4KLARNA (1-844-455-2762) or live chat with Klarna’s customer service agents 24/7 to confirm payment.

Can I pay my balance before the due date?

Yes, if you want to pay the next payment or full balance of your payment plan early, simply sign into the Klarna app, go to the Purchases page and select Payment Options.

What happens if I don’t pay for my order?

Klarna will automatically attempt to collect payment for your purchase from the card you entered at checkout. You can find out when your payments will be collected in the email that you received at the time of purchase or by signing into your Klarna account. 

If you need extra time to make a payment, simply sign into the Klarna app, go to the Purchases page and select Payment Options. If available, select Extend due date.

How do I contact Klarna that powers Ticketmaster Pay in 4?

Don’t see your question here? Check out Klarna’s full FAQ page. 

You can reach Klarna anytime at https://www.klarna.com/us/customer-service/, by downloading the Klarna app or by calling 1-844-4KLARNA (1-844-455-2762).


-
How can I use PayPal or Venmo to buy tickets?
To use Paypal, shop for tickets on Livenation.com (desktop/mobile web) and the Live nation app. You can find the Venmo payment option only on the app.

Sometimes you need a specific card, such as Citi Cardmember presales, to buy certain tickets. For these sales, PayPal and Venmo won’t be offered as a payment method.

To use PayPal or Venmo to purchase tickets, follow these steps:

During checkout, select PayPal or Venmo if available.
You’ll then be connected to PayPal or Venmo where you can sign in and complete the transaction.
Once completed, you’ll be automatically returned to Ticketmaster to finish purchasing the ticket(s).
-
Can I pay with more than one credit card?
Live Nation only accepts one credit card per transaction. However, you can apply a Live Nation Gift Card to your ticket purchase along with your credit card.

-
PayPal: Everything you need to know
PayPal is an online payments system that you can use to purchase tickets and other items from Ticketmaster. Visit PayPal’s website to learn more.

Using PayPal
Is PayPal safe and secure?

Yes, it’s very secure! With PayPal, your credit or debit card numbers are never shared or transmitted with payment.

Are there any fees for using PayPal?

No, it’s free to use!

How do I use PayPal to buy tickets?

To use PayPal to purchase tickets, follow these steps:

During checkout, select PayPal if available.
You’ll then be connected to PayPal where you can sign in and complete the transaction.
Once completed, you’ll be automatically returned to Ticketmaster to finish purchasing the ticket(s).
Sometimes you need a specific card, such as Citi Cardmember presales, to buy certain tickets. For these sales, PayPal won’t be offered as a payment method.

Can I use PayPal with other forms of payment such as gift cards or vouchers?

Yes, you can combine PayPal with other forms of payment.

After your PayPal purchase
Will I get a receipt for my PayPal transaction?

Yes, you’ll receive a receipt from both Ticketmaster and PayPal.

How do I get a refund if I paid through PayPal?

Once your refund has been approved and processed, PayPal will place the funds in your PayPal wallet.
-
How can I use Hilton Honors Points to buy tickets?
Live Nation has teamed up with Hilton to give you an easy way to score tickets to the artists, games and shows that you love.

Simple account connecting: Connect your Hilton Honors account to your Livenation.com account in just a few clicks. Then, you’ll be able to start redeeming your available points for tickets any time you purchase on Live Nation.
Convenient checkout: With your Hilton Honors account connected to your Livenation.com account, you can view your points total and use your available balance for ticket purchases at the checkout.
Flexible payment: Use Hilton Honors Points to pay for all or part of your purchase with any remaining balance charged to an eligible credit card or gift card on Live Nation.
Joining Hilton Honors
How do I connect my Hilton Honors and Ticketmaster account?

Sign into your My Account.
Navigate to Account Settings under the My Account menu.
Connect or disconnect your Hilton Honors Account in the Connected Accounts tab.
How can I join the Hilton Honors program?

If you’d like to join the Hilton Honors program, please visit HiltonHonors.com.

Using your points
What can I buy with my points?

With your Hilton Honors Points, you can buy any eligible tickets to any event on Live Nation.

There are some exclusions that apply:

Tickets available through a Credit Card Sponsored offer (e.g. a credit card presale)
Ticket Insurance
What are my Hilton Honors Points worth at Livenation.com?

500 Hilton Honors Points equal one dollar on Livenation.com.

Is there a minimum amount of points required to pay with my Hilton Honors Points?

Yes, you need a balance of at least five (5) points to use for a purchase on Live Nation.

Can I use Hilton Honors Points towards my Live Nation purchase over the phone?

No, you can only use points for online purchases at Live Nation.

Can I pay for part of my order with Hilton Honors Points and the rest with another payment method?

Yes, you may use your Hilton Honors Points to make a partial payment and then use an eligible credit card or Live Nation gift card to pay for the rest of your order. But, third-party payments such as PayPal, Venmo and Apple Pay can’t be used as a secondary payment option.

Can I apply promotional codes or credits to the same orders I’m using Hilton Honors Points to pay for?

Yes, you may apply any eligible promotional codes or credits to orders that you’ll use points to pay for. Live Nation first applies the promo codes or credit amount stored on your account, then uses your Hilton Honors Points, and finally, you pay any remaining balance with the credit or charge card connected to your registered account to complete the purchase.

Can I combine Points from multiple programs to pay for my order?

No, points from multiple reward programs can’t be combined for a single order. If you don’t have enough points to pay for your entire order, your credit card will be charged for the remaining balance.

I have a gift card or stored value available in my Ticketmaster account. How will this be applied when paying with Hilton Honors Points?

Live Nation first applies the Hilton Honors Points you requested to use, then the gift card or stored value amount, and finally any remaining balance to the credit or charge card.

How do I receive my money back in the event of a cancellation or if I request a refund?

If your event gets canceled, or you’ve requested a refund for your tickets, points used for purchases (whether the purchase was just in points or as part of a larger transaction including a gift card or credit card) will be transferred back to the account they belong to.

What if I no longer want to use my Hilton Honors Points to make purchases on Live Nation?

If you no longer want to use your Hilton Honors Points to Pay with Points at Live Nation, you can disconnect your account under the Connected Accounts tab in your Account Settings. You will still be able to use your other payment methods connected to your Live Nation account for transactions on Livenation.com
-
I used Apple Pay - how do I find my Device Account Number (DPAN)?
After your card is approved for storage in Passbook, your bank will assign a Device Account Number or DPAN. 

Here's how you can find it:

Open Passbook.
Select the card you used.
Click i for more details.
Scroll down and look for Device Account Information. Here you’ll find your Device Account Number.
When you contact Fan Support, you’ll need the last four digits of your Device Account Number ready as we can’t use credit cards to verify your account.
-
Can I buy tickets with Google Pay?
Yup, you just need two things - our app and Android 5.0 or higher.

That said, you can't buy Fan-to-Fan Resale Tickets or Official Platinum Seats with Android Pay, and Android Pay isn't available for all events.

-
Card Identification Number (CIN)
The CIN number is the 3-digit code found on the back of the card, generally located on the signature strip of most cards. If you have an American Express, this 4-digit number can be found on the front of your card, above the actual credit card number.


-
Concert Week $25 all-in ticket promotion

General Offer valid May 10 to May 16 while tickets last for select events as listed at LiveNation.com/ConcertWeek. Taxes added where applicable.

Update as of Tues May 10:

What is Concert Week?

Concert Week is a promotion that gives fans the opportunity to purchase tickets for $25 all-in* to select events, while inventory lasts. *This price includes all fees, before taxes. Any taxes will be added as applicable by city, state and/or venue.

How does this work?

From May 10th to the 16th, visit LiveNation.com/ConcertWeek to see the list of participating events. Once you select the event you are interested in, look for the “Concert Week Promotion” ticket type. Add the ticket(s) to your cart, and proceed to checkout. 
 - 
 How do I use Offer Passcodes?
 Offer Passcodes are entered before you select your tickets.

 Sign into your My Account.
 Select your event and navigate to the ticket search.
 Select the Unlock button next to the Filters button and enter your code to see the available seats.
 Select your tickets and continue to checkout.

The code I’m entering isn’t working. What should I do?

Ensure the Offer Passcode hasn’t expired and that the terms of the offer are met. If your code meets the requirements, you could have a Promo Code instead. You enter Promo Codes during checkout to apply discounts to your order.

Visit the FAQ How do I use Promo Codes? for more information.

Can I use Offer Passcodes on resale tickets from other fans?

>Offer Passcodes won’t work when purchasing resale tickets.

-
Promo Codes are used during checkout to apply discounts to your order.

To use your Promo Code, follow these steps:

Sign into your My Account.
Select the event and select your seats.
Select Next.
Select + Add Credits / Promo Codes / Gift Cards.
Enter your Promo Code and select Apply.

What should I do if my Promo Code isn’t working?

Ensure the Promo Code hasn’t expired and that the terms of the offer are met.  If your code meets the requirements, you could have a Offer Passcode instead. You enter Offer Passcodes  when you are selecting seats before you checkout.

Visit the FAQ How do I use Offer Passcodes? for more information.

Can I use Promo Codes on resale tickets from other fans?

Promo Codes won’t work when purchasing resale tickets.

-
How do I redeem a Live Nation Concert Cash Voucher Code?
Visit your applicable Concert Cash redemption site and follow the steps below. You can find the redemption site in the same email you received your Concert Cash code in. If you received your code via scratch card, you'll find it there.

Codes can't be applied to an existing order or after you've placed a new order.

To redeem your Concert Cash, follow these steps:

Select a participating venue and event.
Select and cart eligible tickets.
Click the Add a voucher / gift card button and enter your code (no dashes).
Visit your applicable Concert Cash redemption site for complete details and terms of use.

-
Military Discounts
Military discounts are generally available only through the venue box office. You may contact the venue box office directly, using the venue contact information on the event page, to inquire if a military (active or veteran) discount is offered for the event in question.

When available through Ticketmaster, military discounts will be part of your ticket type options.
-
What are Me+3 4-Packs?
They’re a great way for a group of friends to have some fun and save big. With these packs, fans can score four tickets for the price of three for featured events. Find these ticket deals by visiting the Ticketmaster Ticket Deals page.
-
Are there AAA or AARP discounts?
Click HERE for AARP exclusive offers.

We currently don't have any offer for AAA members.

Please Note: Offers are for select events only.
-
How do I get tickets through a ticket lottery?
Ticket lotteries are run solely by the team, artist, league, venue or production. Contact the Event Organizer or visit their official site to learn how to enter.


-
What are aisle seat purchasing restrictions?
When searching for tickets, aisle seats must be purchased in multiples of two or four. You won’t be able to purchase a single aisle seat.


-
How do I know if I've won a Sweepstakes or Contest?
If you're one of the selected winners, a Live Nation representative will reach out to you via the contact information you provided on the entry form on or after the "winner selection date" that was displayed in the Official Rules of the applicable Sweepstakes or Contest.

Good luck and thanks for being a fan!


-
I haven't received my Concert Cash code. What should I do?
Unless otherwise stated in the offer, we'll email your code to the address provided during your qualifying online purchase within three business days.
-
Ticketing 101
To learn more about how ticketing works, new products, fan rights, our guarantee and more visit, Ticketing 101.
-
What is the Ticketmaster Smart Queue
The Smart Queue acts as a virtual line, which helps us protect you and the tickets in a more effective way. By layering advanced security measures, monitoring traffic and adding a virtual line, you can view the entire venue and pick the exact tickets you want to buy.

How the Smart Queue works:

Go to Ticketmaster and locate the event you want to shop for.
Join the Waiting Room at least 10 minutes prior to the event going on sale.
When the sale begins, the Queue will open and you’ll be given a place in line.
Once it’s your turn to shop, you’ll use the map to select your seats and then proceed to checkout. During high-demand sales, tickets are available on a first-come, first-served basis and aren’t guaranteed.
Events using the Smart Queue may vary due to traffic and demand that impact wait times.

For a smoother shopping experience we recommend:

Watching your screen. If you’re planning to shop for an event on your mobile device, don’t allow your screen to dim or your Waiting Room will pause. And, resist the urge to refresh, your page will automatically refresh when you enter the Queue.
Confirming you have a valid form of payment in your account along with current email and billing information.
Turning up the volume on your device, so when it’s your turn, you hear the Queue notification bell sound — even if you need to step away.
Why is there a Smart Queue?

It’s there to keep out the bots so every fan gets a fair chance at tickets. With Smart Queue, we manage the flow of traffic into the shopping experience while simultaneously detecting bots and reducing their access.

Do I have to stay on the page the entire time?

Yes. While you’re in the Queue, your spot will be automatically and frequently refreshed, so please don’t refresh the page yourself, close, or leave the page. While it’s a better idea to keep your device nearby, if you need to step away, turn up the volume on your device — so you’ll hear the notification bell from the Queue. When it’s your turn, your spot will be held for 10 minutes.

Is there a set time I will get ticket access?

No, a set time is not guaranteed. This new process allows fans to scope out the venue and shop for the best ticket for them, so there may be a longer wait than you’ve experienced before.

We only allow more people in when space opens up. During the process, we’ll keep you updated on your status along the way.

Can I skip the Queue?

No, the Queue can’t be skipped.

Will I get tickets if I have a spot in the Queue?

Tickets are always based on availability and demand. They’re not guaranteed.
-
What are Official Platinum Seats?
Are Official Platinum Seats resale tickets?
No. Official Platinum Seats were not purchased initially and then posted for resale; they are being sold for the first time through Ticketmaster. Ticketmaster's Official Platinum seat program enables market-based pricing (adjusting prices according to supply and demand) for live event tickets, similar to how airline tickets and hotel rooms are sold. The goal is to give fans fair and safe access to the best tickets, while enabling artists and other people involved in staging live events to price tickets closer to their true market value.

Why can't I buy Official Platinum Seats for certain events?
Currently, Official Platinum Seats are not available for all events. Be sure to check back often as new events are continually being added.

How do I buy Official Platinum Seats?
For events where they are available, please note that Official Platinum Seats can only be purchased online at www.ticketmaster.com, and they cannot be exchanged for a different event or purchased with a Ticketmaster Gift Card.

What is the Current Price per ticket?
The price you pay is the original price of the ticket. Official Platinum Seats were not purchased initially and then posted for resale; they are being sold for the first time through Ticketmaster on behalf of the artist or Event Organizer.

Other amounts or fees may also be included in the Current Price, or may be added on top of the Current Price. If additional amounts are added on top of the Current Price, they will be displayed before you complete your purchase.


-
Can I buy a ticket for only one Official Platinum Seat?
Occasionally. But usually Official Platinum Seats are sold in pairs and can't be split. (You're gonna want to share this experience anyway, trust us.)


-
Where can I buy tickets?
You can only buy Live Nation tickets at:

Livenation.com: At Livenation.com you can search for tickets securely, at your convenience, day or night, 365 days a year.
The Live Nation app: Download our app on your Apple or Android device by visiting this page. The app is only available in the U.S. and Canada.
Box Office: The box office is typically located at most venues. When visiting in person, remember that the hours of operation may vary and that venues sell tickets only for their events.


-
Why did I receive an error message during purchase?
Before re-attempting your purchase, check your order history. If an order was placed, the order status will appear on the page just after you sign in. If no order appears in your Order History, then re-attempt your purchase.

Tips to prevent errors when purchasing tickets:

Don’t use multiple devices, browsers or tabs at the same time. This is bot-like activity and may result in you being blocked. If you signed on with multiple devices or browsers, sign out from them, clear your browser's history and cookies and then sign into one device again.
Don’t use large public wifi networks such as those available at a coffee shop or workplace. You can use your carrier's data network instead of a wifi connection.
Never share links with friends.
-
Ticket limits for events
When purchasing tickets on our Site, you are limited to a specified number of tickets for each event (also known as a "ticket limit"). This ticket limit is posted during the purchase process and is verified with every transaction. This policy is in effect to discourage unfair ticket buying practices. Each Ticketmaster account must be linked to a unique individual and contain valid, and verifiable, information. Multiple accounts may not be used to circumvent or exceed published ticket limits. We reserve the right to cancel any or all orders and tickets, in addition to prohibiting your ticket purchase abilities, without notice to you, if you exceed or attempt to exceed, the posted ticket limits. Any tickets, cancelled due to violating the posted ticket limit, will be refunded at face value (excluding fees). This includes orders associated with the same name, e-mail address, billing address, credit card number or other information.


-
Can I skip the Queue?
No, you can’t skip the Queue. If you're waiting in line for access to tickets, stay on the page and don’t refresh to keep your spot.


-
What does Limited Availability or No Tickets Currently Available mean?
These messages inform you up-front if tickets are gone or almost gone for a specific price or section, so you can save time and simplify your ticket search.

Here’s how we define these terms:

Limited Availability means there aren't many tickets left at that price or in that section, so you might want to grab them before someone else does. If you're looking for a large number of tickets, it’s unlikely you'll find them all in the same row.
No Tickets Currently Available means there are zero tickets left at that price or in that section, so you can move on and focus on finding tickets that are available.

-
Common ticket scams to avoid
Live Nation will never:

Ask you to buy an Amazon Gift Card, iTunes Gift Card, money order or any other third-party gift card as a form of payment in exchange for tickets.
Request that you wire funds as a form of payment in exchange for tickets.
Ask you to go to a store and buy a gift card in order for us to issue a refund.
Visit the FAQ Accepted payment methods to see a full list of payment options that Live Nation accepts.

If we do issue a refund, we'll process it to the original method of payment you used at time of purchase.

To avoid potential scammers, always look for the official way to contact Fan Support, which you can find in our FAQ How to get help or contact us.
-
Tips, hints or advice for buying tickets
Before the sale
Sign in or create a Live Nation account. Have your password handy or reset it in advance to avoid any delays.
Ensure your billing and delivery details are up to date.
Have a back-up plan – if the show you wanted sells out, have a second venue or date in mind to book!
Double-check your time zones to make sure you’re selecting your desired event and venue.
Download the Live Nation app so you can manage your tickets from your device.
Make sure you’re in the know!
Add artists, teams, venues or shows to your Live Nation favorites and sign up for alerts.
Follow @LiveNation on Twitter or Facebook.
Join your favorite artist’s fan club.
During the sale
Avoid ticket cancellations by following the [number] tickets per person limit.
Review the venue’s age restrictions to make sure young fans can attend.
Save time during the onsale by searching for the Best Available ticket. This filter will scan all sections and prices to provide you the best ticket option at that time, pending availability.
Don’t look like a ticket bot! It may result in you being blocked for a period of time and unable to shop for tickets. Here’s what to remember:
Stay within one browser window and on a single device or it may result in errors.
Don’t refresh your browser multiple times for multiple ticket searches.
When using the interactive seat map keep this color key in mind:
Blue means the section has tickets that match your search. The darker the blue color, the more tickets in the section that match.
Gray means the section has no more tickets available or doesn’t have tickets that match your search.
The pink resale logo with two circling arrows means the tickets are being sold by other fans.
-
Will I get tickets if I have a spot in the Queue?
We can’t guarantee that you’ll be able to buy tickets if you have a spot in the Queue.
-
What does obstructed view mean?
It means you’ll have either an incomplete view or something will be in your line of sight because of the position of the seats — like a pole, speakers or the sound board — and you won’t be able to see the entire stage.

The Event Organizer makes these tickets available because for many fans an obstructed view is not a problem. Don’t worry, obstructed view tickets are clearly labeled as such at time of purchase.
-
Checkout time
How much time do I have to purchase tickets online?

There’s a timer at the top of every page in the checkout process showing you how long you have to complete your purchase before we release your tickets for others to buy. 

Why is there a time limit when I'm purchasing tickets?

To ensure tickets are available to as many people as possible, we limit the amount of time a fan can hold tickets before completing their purchase. 

Why does checkout time vary between events and times of day?

We set the checkout time length according to ticket demand, so it can differ depending on time of day or for different events.


-
My billing address isn’t in the US or Canada. What should I do?
If the billing address for your credit card is not within the United States or Canada, we won’t be able to mail or ship your tickets to you via UPS. So when you purchase your tickets, you’ll need to select International Will Call, Print-at-Home or Mobile Entry as your delivery method. When you select one of these delivery methods, you’ll be presented with a list of countries when entering your billing address, rather than states or provinces.

If you choose Will Call, your tickets will be held at the venue's will call window on the event date. Tickets at will call are typically available one hour prior to the event time. 

To receive your tickets, you’ll need to present the following:

Photo ID
Order #[number]
The credit card used to buy the tickets

-
Supported Browsers
You can find tickets better with the latest version of your favorite browser.

Get started on any of these supported browsers:

Download Safari on this Apple page.
Download Chrome on this Google page.
Download Edge on this Microsoft page.
Download Firefox on this Firefox page. 
To avoid errors, don’t open multiple browsers or tabs when purchasing tickets. This is bot-like activity and may result in you being blocked.

Updating your browser will also help resolve issues such as, but not limited to:

Purchasing Tickets
Posting tickets for resale
Printing tickets (also requires the latest version of Adobe Reader)

-
When do tickets go on sale?
To find out when the tickets go on sale, find the event on Livenation.com or on our app and carefully review the onsale information on the event page.

Stay up to date by adding artists, teams, venues or shows to your Ticketmaster favorites and sign up for alerts. You can also follow @Ticketmaster on Twitter and Facebook or join your favorite artist’s fan club.

Before the sale tips:

Sign in or create a Live Nation account. Have your password handy or reset it in advance to avoid any delays.
Ensure your billing and delivery details are up to date.
Have a back-up plan – if the show you wanted sells out, have a second venue or date in mind to book!
Double-check your time zones to make sure you’re selecting your desired event and venue.
Download the Live Nation app so you can manage your tickets from your device.
-
What does You may not leave a single unoccupied seat mean?
The message means you can’t leave a seat at the end of a row or between two occupied seats. This restriction ensures more fans who go together can sit together.


-
Why do we request your address, zip code/postal code and phone number?
The information we request may be used for a variety of purposes related to the ticket purchase transaction.

It can vary by transaction, but the purposes include:

Shipping and delivering tickets and/or receipts
Responding to customer service requests
Reviewing and enforcing limits on the number of tickets purchased per event
Credit card fraud prevention
-
Interactive Seat Map
Searching for tickets with the interactive seat map can help you navigate the venue quickly.

Using the map
On the Live Nation app:

Tap a section to see a list of tickets and their prices.
Select your desired tickets
Tap Next to check out.
On Livenation.com (desktop/mobile web):

Click a section.
Hover over a seat to see price/details.
Zoom in on seats by clicking the section.
Select the individual seats you want.
Click Next to check out.
Seats you select aren’t officially reserved (i.e., other fans can still buy them) until you click Buy Tickets and pass the security check.

How do I unlock an offer on an interactive seat map?

To unlock your offer and enter your code, follow these steps:

Select your event and navigate to the ticket search.
Click the Filters button.
Click or tap only the checkbox that corresponds to your offer under Ticket Type to show the available tickets.
When you’ve decided on your tickets, click Unlock and enter your code if prompted to.
Don’t have an Offer Passcode? Visit the FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code? for more information.

How do I search for tickets by price on the interactive seat map?

Use the price slider or the price dropdown (depending on the event) to highlight seats in a specific price range — the tickets in your price range will turn dark blue while tickets outside of your range will become gray.

To view specific seats, select your preferred section.

Can I buy seats without using an interactive seat map?

Yep, just use the Lowest Price or Best Seats section next to the map.

Can I buy accessible seats on an interactive seat map?

From the interactive seat map page, click Filters and then the accessibility icon for seat availability or more information. Remember to click Apply Filters to show accessible tickets on the map.
Section colors

Blue means the section has seats that match your search. The darker the blue color, the more tickets in the section that match.
Gray means the section is sold out or doesn’t have seats that match your search.
Seat colors

Blue means the seats are available and match your search.
Gray means the seats aren't available or don't match your search.
The pink resale logo with two circling arrows means the tickets are being sold by other fans.
The green check mark that means you’ve already selected the seat.

-
What is General Admission seating?
General Admission (GA) refers to seating or standing areas that are not assigned or reserved and are occupied on a first-come, first-served basis.

When purchasing tickets for a GA event, you may be quoted: section, row and seat numbers. However, these are for inventory purposes only and don’t reflect any actual seating location.

Make sure you carefully read the Event Information and Ticket Information screens to see if your tickets are for GA. Ticketmaster can’t guarantee physical seats for any event that’s sold as GA.

Standing Room Only (SRO), PIT and Lawn are also types of GA tickets, in which case, there are no seats at all.


-
Finding a seating chart
When you click "See Tickets" on your event, you'll see the seat map. Our maps are interactive - which means you can zoom in to choose specific seats.

Remember, to avoid errors do not open multiple browsers or tabs when purchasing tickets.
-
What should I do if tickets aren't posted for an event that I want to attend?
Check back often! We may get many new postings daily. If you're seeking sports tickets, many teams allow season ticket holders to resell their tickets on team-branded sites hosted by Ticketmaster. To search for those resale tickets, visit Ticketmaster’s Official Fan-to-Fan Marketplaces page.


-
How do I find an event?
It’s simple, just follow these steps:

Go to Livenation.com.
Use the search bar by typing in your desired event.
-
No information on event
We don't release any information until we receive authorization from the Event Organizer or venue — even if the media has already begun publicizing the event.

Live Nation doesn't sell tickets for every event.
-
Events not stating sold out
It is always possible for a limited number of tickets to become available after an on-sale. Sometimes the venue or promoter will release additional tickets. Also, in the course of processing orders, we may find accounts that are over the ticket limit, need payment or do not have the correct billing address. In these cases, the order may be cancelled and the seats released back into the system for sale.

We are unable to state an event is sold out until the promoters of the event give us authorization.
-
Does Live Nation offer ticket donations?
Live Nation is a ticketing agency that provides services for Event Organizers, sponsors and venues to sell tickets. We don’t own the tickets we sell, so we can’t make any ticket donations. But you can contact local venues or Event Organizers for this type of request.


-
Why are tickets available last minute?
As the event date approaches, the Event Organizer or venue may release tickets that were previously held for the artist or team.

Additionally, the venue has a better idea about which seats can be made available for sale after the stage or event area is set up. And sometimes events are so popular that even seats with obstructed views are released for sale, so check back often!


-
Do I need to buy a ticket for my child?
Rules and prices for kids tickets vary per event. Select the More Info button on your Events Detail page for desktop and mobile web or the i icon on the app to review the policies if applicable. If there's no info there, you may find the information by clicking the link to the venue.

Child prices aren’t available for every event.


-
What is TicketWeb?
TicketWeb, a division of Ticketmaster, allows fans to find tickets for independent venues and event promoters.
-
Relationship between Live Nation and Ticketmaster
Live Nation and Ticketmaster Entertainment merged to become Live Nation Entertainment. Live Nation Entertainment's mission will be to improve the live entertainment experience and to drive major innovations in ticketing technology, marketing and service. Through this merger, the parties believe that the combined company will have the tools to develop new products, expand access, improve transparency and deliver artists and fans more choices. This will drive greater attendance at live events and bring more value to all major constituents in the industry.

We believe that the merger creates a diversified company with a great selling platform for artists and a stronger financial profile. The new company will provide a more direct relationship between fans and artists. More importantly, fans will benefit through more ticketing and seating options, reduced pressure on ticket prices and more direct access to their favorite artist.

We very much appreciate the opportunity to respond to your email, and we hope this information sufficiently addresses your concern. We value your patronage and hope you will look to our service in the future for your live entertainment needs.
-
How are ticket prices and fees determined?
The standard tickets sold on Live Nation are owned by our clients (venues, sports teams or other event promoters) who determine the number of tickets to be sold and set the face value price. In the case of resale tickets, listing prices are determined by the seller, which can include fans or season ticket holders. Note that for certain events, Live Nation may not be the primary ticket provider.

In some instances, events on our platform may have tickets that are “market-priced,” so ticket and fee prices may adjust over time based on demand. This is similar to how airline tickets and hotel rooms are sold and is commonly referred to as “Dynamic Pricing.”

Ticket fees (which can include a service fee, order processing fee and sometimes a delivery fee) are determined in collaboration with our clients. In exchange for the rights to sell their tickets, our clients typically share in a portion of the fees we collect. The portion of fees we keep helps us to provide our clients with software, equipment, services and support to manage their tickets and box office, and provide the sales network used by clients to distribute tickets to fans. The remainder, when taken with other revenues, is how we earn a profit.

The total cost of a ticket can be made up of:

Face Value Price

The face value price (also known as the established price or base ticket price) is determined by our clients. In many circumstances, face value prices are set at the time of the initial on-sale and stay the same until the event but prices can, and are often are, adjusted up or down over time. In either case, Ticketmaster collects the face value price and remits it to our clients.

Service Fee and Order Processing Fee

In almost all cases, Ticketmaster adds a service fee (also known as a convenience charge) to the face value price, or in the case of a resale ticket to the listing price, of each ticket. The service fee varies by event based on our agreement with each individual client.

In addition to the per ticket service fee, an order processing fee is typically charged. Unlike the service charge, which is added to each ticket, the processing fee is charged once for each order. The processing fee offsets the costs of ticket handling, shipping and support and as a result, the processing fee is generally not charged on in-person box office purchases.   In some cases, Ticketmaster's order processing costs may be lower than the order processing fee.   In those cases, Ticketmaster may earn a profit on the order processing fee.

In both cases, these fees are collected by Ticketmaster and typically shared with our clients.

Delivery Fees

Delivery options are determined by our clients and can vary from event to event. We offer a variety of ticket delivery options that vary in price, dependent upon the delivery method chosen. Delivery options may include Mobile Tickets, Will Call pickup, Print-at-Home, US Mail or UPS. The UPS delivery fee may not reflect the actual cost UPS charges Ticketmaster to deliver tickets via UPS. In some cases, delivery fees may include a profit to Ticketmaster. 

Facility Charge

Each client decides whether to include a facility charge on ticket purchases. These additional fees typically help clients operate and invest back in the venues themselves. Facility charges may vary from event to event and can be raised or lowered over time. Ticketmaster does not share in facility charges, we simply collect them for venues.

Taxes

City, state, and local taxes (provincial and Federal Goods and Services taxes in Canada) are typically included in the face value of the ticket or in the fees. In some jurisdictions, however, taxes may be listed as a separate charge.


-
How do I find ticket prices and fees?
\Before completing your purchase, you can find a breakdown of the price and fees at Checkout by selecting the dropdown arrow next to the total price.

To find the price and fees after you’ve purchased tickets, review your Order Details.
-
Student ticket prices
When available through Ticketmaster, student discounts will be part of your ticket type options.
If no information is present concerning student tickets, we recommend that youcontact the venue directly. Many venues offer this type of ticket for sale only through the venue box office. Click the more info button next to your events name and then on the venue name to find contact info. Or visit your venue's official site.

-

Senior citizen discounts
When available through Live Nation, senior citizen discounts will be part of your ticket type options.
-
Do you have group rates?
When available through Ticketmaster, group rates and discounts will be part of your ticket type options. Search for the group rate availability by checking boxes under the Filter section when available.
Otherwise, please contact the venue directly to inquire about group rates. Visit your venue's official site for contact information.

-
Hotel package booking information

I’ve not yet received my package confirmation. What should I do?
Be sure to check your email inbox, spam and junk folders for your ticket and hotel confirmation emails from Ticketmaster. If you haven’t received these emails, contact Fan Support by finding your order in your My Account and click the Contact Us button under the order details or tap the blue chat bubble on the app.

Where can I view my package details?
You can view your Ticket Order in your My Account in the My Tickets section or in My Events on the app. For your Hotel Booking details, check the confirmation email you received after your purchase.

I received my ticket confirmation, but not my hotel confirmation. What should I do?
It may take up to 48 hours to receive your hotel booking confirmation email.

If it’s been more than 48 hours since your purchase, or your event is within the next 48 hours, contact Fan Support by finding your order in your My Account and click the Contact Us button under the order details or tap the blue chat bubble on the app.

My package confirmation is incorrect or my hotel as no record of my booking. What should I do?
Contact Fan Support by finding your order in your My Account and click the Contact Us button under the order details or tap the blue chat bubble on the app.

I have booked one package. How many rooms will I have?
If you have purchased a single package, you’ll be allocated one room.

How are tickets delivered?
You can visit the FAQ How are tickets delivered? for the full list of delivery methods.

The Event Organizer may offer different combinations of delivery methods depending on several factors, including (but not limited to):

The venue or country where the event is to be held,
The country in which you live,
Whether the event is in person or virtual,
How much time is left before the event starts,
Whether it’s a holiday season and
The nature of the demand for the event.
How do I view my tickets?
If you have purchased a ticket with the option for mobile delivery, follow these steps:

Find your Ticket Order confirmation email and select Claim Tickets.
Sign into your My Account. Make sure you sign in with the same email address you used when placing the order.
Find your order in the My Tickets section and click See Details or in My Events on the app.
The Link to my Claim Tickets is not working?
Immediately following the purchase of your tickets, claim your tickets through the Claim Tickets link. Note, there may be a delay in your tickets being available in My Account; but your order information should be available to view. If this happens, please try 30-60 minutes after your purchase to access your tickets. If you are still unable to access your tickets 24 hours prior to the event, please contact Fan Support.

Can I choose different seats?
A hotel may only offer specific seats as part of the package. In this instance, you won’t be able to select different seats than what is available at the time of selection.
-
Hotel package room and accommodations information
What do the phrases non-refundable and free cancellation mean?
Every room or property has an individual policy determined by the property.

A non-refundable policy means a fee will apply if you decide to change or cancel your booking. This fee is mentioned during the booking process in the conditions and in the booking confirmation.
A free cancellation policy means you can change or cancel a booking for free if you do it within the time frame specified by the property (e.g., “Cancel up to x days” or “Cancel before mm/dd/yy hh:mm”).
What’s the difference between a double queen room and king room?
Typically, a double queen room has two queen beds, while a king room will have one king bed. Room descriptions can vary from hotel to hotel, so it’s important to the read room descriptions carefully to make sure they fit your needs.

Can I upgrade my room after making a package purchase?
No, rooms cannot be upgraded through Ticketmaster at this time.

How do I get more info about the room or property’s amenities?
When selecting a hotel for your package, click Overview to view information about the property’s amenities. If you are purchasing a pre-bundled package, you can view the room and property amenities in the booking confirmation as well as on the property’s website.

How do I find out if a property has a certain amenity (e.g., a pool)?
Amenities can be found listed on the hotel details page.

How can I request a smoking room?
During the purchase process, available smoking rooms will be displayed. If there are no rooms listed as smoking rooms, it means that the hotel doesn’t allow smoking in rooms, or they’re already sold out.

How do I find out if properties allow pets?
The pet policy should be in your booking confirmation, where amenities are detailed.

What are the check-in and check-out times of property?
Check-in and check-out times differ for each property. This information will be provided during your purchase process or in your confirmation email.

I want to check in or out of the property’s provided hours. What should I do?
While the property polices vary, they’ll do their best to meet your needs but cannot be guaranteed. When checking out, you can ask the property about arranging a late check-out upon arrival. It will depend on what's available at the time of your stay.

Do I need to reserve a parking space?
You can see if the property has parking on the hotel details page or by contacting them directly. If the property requires you to reserve a space, you can contact them with the provided details provided in your booking confirmation.

How do I book shuttle service?
If the property offers a shuttle service, it will be listed in the confirmation email as well as on the hotel details page. After you make a booking, you can arrange the airport transfer directly with the property. You can find their contact info in your booking confirmation.

Can the property store my luggage before check-in or after check-out?
Most properties offer luggage storage either for a fee or free-of-charge. For more info about luggage storage, contact the property directly using the details provided in your booking confirmation.
-
Hotel package payment information
What payment methods are accepted?
Select from Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or a debit card with an American Express, Visa, MasterCard and Discover credit card logo are the accepted payment methods for all Ticketmaster accommodation purchases.

Ticketmaster is only accepting full payment for purchases.

Visit the FAQ Accepted payment methods for more details.

Can I pay for my stay with a different credit card than the one used to book?
Only one form of payment is accepted at this time.

Who’s going to charge my credit card, and when?
Ticketmaster will be taking payment and charging your credit card. You will see one charge for your tickets and hotel purchase.

You may need to pay other fees like local taxes or resort fees on arrival. This information will be provided during your purchase process, in your confirmation email and in your bookings in your account.

I was charged. What’s next?
Claim your ticket order through the confirmation screen or from your confirmation email.

For your hotel stay, confirm you have received the hotel confirmation for your records and review cancellation policy if applicable. If you have any questions, please contact Fan Support.
-
Hotel package prices and fees information
Are taxes and fees included in the price?
In most cases, taxes and fees are included in the final pricing. You may need to pay other fees like local taxes or resort fees on arrival. This information will be provided during your purchase process, in your confirmation email and in your bookings in your account.

Can I purchase more than one package?
Yes, although you’ll have to purchase them in two separate transactions.

Do I pay a reservation fee to Ticketmaster?
There is no reservation fee for the hotel portion of your package; please see our FAQ regarding ticket pricing for information regarding ticket fees. All Ticketmaster fees are disclosed and paid at checkout.

How can I get an invoice?
Your ticket order confirmation contains the package pricing.

-
Hotel package cancellation and postponement information
Can I cancel my booking?
Cancellations policies vary, so review the policies provided at checkout, your hotel booking confirmation email for more information or contact Fan Support.

If I need to cancel my booking, will I pay a fee?
Please reference your hotel booking confirmation email for personal and event cancellation policies. You may have to pay a cancellation fee.

Can I cancel or change my dates for a non-refundable booking?
There is currently not an option to change the dates booked for your non-refundable booking.

How do I know if my booking was canceled?
After you cancel a booking with us, you should get an email confirming the cancellation. Make sure to check your inbox, spam and junk mail folders. If you don’t receive an email within 24 hours, contact Fan Support for help.

Where can I find my property’s cancellation policy?
You can find the cancellation policy in your booking confirmation.

Please reference your hotel booking confirmation email for hotel cancellation and event cancellation or postponement policies.
-
What is a VIP package and how do I purchase one?
Some artists will provide exclusive VIP packages for their ultimate fans.

Packages vary from artist to artist, but each package may include front row tickets, an autograph or a pre-show party. Some may even include the opportunity for a meet and greet with the artist or experience a sound check!

To find out if your favorite artist has these packages available and what’s included, type their name or their event into the search box at the top of any of our pages. Look for the VIP package offer link to get full details. 

Not all events offer VIP packages. All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable. Ticket insurance will not apply to transferred tickets.

Already purchased tickets and looking to upgrade to VIP? Please contact Fan Support.
-
What is Fast Lane?
Fast Lane tickets allow for earlier entry to an eligible event. Fast Lane ticket holders will be allowed to go in before doors open to all other fans. 

You can add Fast Lane when purchasing your event tickets or up until the day before your event. Search for the venue where your event is taking place and click on the events section.

When you arrive, look for the Fast Lane entry at the venue and show your ticket along with the Fast Lane voucher. If you're going with a group, each person needs their own Fast Lane voucher.
-
What should I do if I haven't received my VIP package?
VIP package restrictions, policies and delivery information vary from artist to artist. The details are sent with your purchase confirmation email. Please review this email to see the specifics of your package.

You can also find these details through the artist or event page in case you don't have your purchase confirmation email. Just type the artist's name into the search box at Livenation.com. Once you find the artist's page or the concert you’re attending, look for the VIP package offer link to get full details. See example below.

You can view the VIP package delivery and policies beneath your order’s event details. Review the information carefully as we may use one of our partners to fulfill your package. Visit the FAQ How are tickets delivered? for more information on the delivery methods. We'll include their contact information just in case you have additional questions.

If you weren't able to find the answer you were looking for, contact Fan Support.
-
What should I do if I’ve received my tickets but not the rest of my order?
If they're in stock, items like t-shirts and posters ship separately from tickets. They usually arrive 4-6 weeks after the purchase date (CDs may take longer depending on official album release date). We'll email you the minute your items ship so you’re in the loop.

If you bought a digital album with your tickets, you'll get an email with a download link as soon as it’s available, which may vary based on the official album release date. Other add-ons like parking, VIP Club, Fast Lane and concession vouchers are typically delivered with the tickets. If you haven't received these items, contact Fan Support.

We work to ship your merchandise ASAP unless otherwise stated at time of purchase. Depending on the item, it's not guaranteed to arrive before the event.

If you think you should have received your order by now though, contact Fan Support.
-
Live Nation Merchandise
Ticketmaster doesn’t ship any merchandise and does not have any information or the status of orders placed on an artist's official store. 

Visit the artist’s official store for assistance with an order. You can find the list of official stores on the Live Nation artist stores page.

If you're inquiring about merchandise purchased along with your event tickets, contact Fan Support.
-
Where's the CD or digital album that was included with my ticket purchase?
Check your email for a message from us with a link to where you can redeem your digital album or enter your home mailing address to get your CD delivered. 

If you haven’t received an email it may be because the album hasn’t been officially released. Offer restrictions also vary, so follow the instructions below to check if the album was in fact included with your ticket purchase.

Here's how to check:

Search for the artist.
Scroll to your show and click Find Tickets.
Click the New Music Included offer link for details.
Purchases for canceled events will no longer be eligible for CD or digital album offers. All unused redemption codes will be invalidated and the pending shipping order will be canceled.
-
Upsells Information
If you purchased an item offered to you at checkout, you can find the most accurate information on when you’ll receive your package on the event’s page.

Delivery times differ for each event that offers upsells. If the date you should have received the package has passed, contact Fan Support.


-
Live Nation 2023 Lawn Pass
For the latest info and FAQs, please visit lawnpass.livenation.com.

If you haven't received your Lawn Pass, please send an email to lawnpasshelp@livenation.com.

If you have an eligible event playing off before your pass has arrived, simply bring your photo ID to the box office of your venue, and they will be able to make sure you can enjoy the show!
-
Dead & Company - Audio Stream Download
To take advantage of this offer you'll need the ticket barcode. Barcodes will not be available after the show unless your tickets are saved to your digital wallet.

If you saved your tickets to your digital wallet, you may retrieve your barcode from there by reviewing the ticket details.

If you no longer have access to your barcodes, please visit nugs.net to open a support ticket by clicking the contact us link at the bottom of their page.
-
Why can't I redeem my CD code?
There may be a few reasons your redemption code isn’t working.

Use your desktop or laptop as you can’t redeem these offers from mobile devices.
Use the most up-to-date versions of our supported browsers: Google Chrome, Internet Explorer or Firefox.
You’re receiving an invalid address error. Try again to redeem and if you receive the same error, check the box that reads We can’t verify your address. Bypass address verification and submit this redemption anyway? and click Submit.
If you're still unable to redeem your offer, contact Fan Support and provide the exact address you’re trying to use.
-
Find My Tickets
Depending on the event and the ticket delivery selected at checkout, there may be a few options to access your tickets. To get started, you'll want to visit your My Account and locate your order to see which delivery option was chosen.

How to find your delivery method
Fan-to-fan resale tickets may take up to 24 hours for your order to appear in your account.

To find your chosen delivery method, follow these steps:

Sign into your My Account.
Find your order in the My Tickets section and click See Details or in My Events on the app.
Under your ticket details, view the Ticket Delivery section.
For some events, you can make delivery changes, but not for resale tickets. If you would like to change your delivery method, visit the FAQ Can I change how my tickets are delivered? for instructions.

A guide to delivery methods
Electronic Tickets
(eTickets)	An electronic ticket (eTicket) can be a Mobile Entry or Print-at-Home ticket. Sign into your My Account to find and access your eTicket. There can be a delay in accessing your ticket, but it will be available before your event.
Mobile Entry	
Having a Mobile Entry ticket is the easiest and safest way to access events.

If the event is Mobile only or you selected Mobile Entry at the checkout, then don’t forget your phone — it’s your ticket and way into the event. Mobile tickets cannot be printed.

Mobile Entry isn’t available for all events so check your online account or download our app to manage your tickets all in one place! (Available in the U.S. and Canada)

Print-at-Home	
If you’d like to print your tickets, sign into your My Account, locate your order on the Event Details page, click View Tickets and then print your tickets. At the moment, you can’t print from the app.

If you placed your order over the phone, and you chose to have your tickets emailed to you. Your tickets will be in your inbox as a PDF attachment.

When you select Print-at-Home, make sure you have your tickets printed before for your event.

US Mail	
You’ll get your tickets within 10-14 business days.

Tickets are printed within seven days of purchase and shipped via USPS First Class Mail. Once they’ve been printed, we’ll email to let you know they’re on their way. They should arrive to you within seven business days of printing. Sometimes it may take a little longer to print and ship if the Event Organizer has set a delivery delay on your event.

Will Call	
You’ll get your tickets within 10-14 business days.

To collect tickets held at Will Call, the cardholder needs to have the credit card used for purchase and a valid photo ID with a signature (state ID, driver's license, or passport).

UPS Standard Tickets	
Get your tickets delivered via UPS. Choose 2-day or 3-day shipping. Please note, delivery to PO Box or APO/FPO addresses is not available at this time. When you use UPS delivery, your tickets will not be emailed to you. (Available in the U.S. only)

UPS Resale Tickets	
Get your tickets delivered via UPS. Choose 1-day or 2-day shipping. Please note, delivery to PO Box or APO/FPO addresses is not available at this time. When you use UPS delivery, your tickets will not be emailed to you. (Available in the U.S., Canada, and International Countries)

Ticket Transfer	
If you receive your tickets through our Ticket Transfer feature, you'll receive an email with instructions letting you know how to accept your tickets. From the email, click on the Accept Tickets button and sign into your My Account. If you don’t have one, you’ll need to create one to accept your tickets.

To claim your tickets, the email address used for the ticket transfer must match the email address on your Ticketmaster account.

We always suggest practicing safe ticket shopping and management. If tickets have been sent to you, we recommend that you know and trust the person transferring to you. If the tickets were obtained fraudulently by the person transferring them, they may be canceled at any time.

Delivery Delay	
Some performers, teams and venues release their tickets with a delivery delay to make sure no one has ordered more than their allotted number of tickets with the use of unfair technology. This prevents tickets from being accessed until we can confirm everyone has adhered to the ticket limits and didn’t use unfair ticket technology.

Delivery information will be provided within your purchase confirmation email, on your order in My Account or on the event page. If you haven't received your tickets two days (48 hours) before the event, connect to Fan Support.


-
I can't find my order in My Account. What should I do?
Some fans have multiple online accounts with different email addresses, so make sure you’re signing into the right account or signing out of the wrong account that is stored in your browser or app. 

To find your order, look in the Upcoming or Past Event tabs. When you see the order, you can contact Fan Support by clicking Contact Us under the order details or tapping the blue chat bubble on the app.

If you can’t find your order in your online account, or you purchased tickets over the phone with a sales representative, contact Fan Support.

Purchased tickets through one of our partner sites below? First, claim your ticket from their site. Then once you've done that, you can manage your tickets from your My Account. 

Account Manager for Season Ticket Holders
Your Account Manager can be accessed by visiting am.ticketmaster.com.

If you're experiencing any issues with any Account Manager tools or features, please visit your official team's account manager site for contact information.

Account Manager is not the same as your My Account on Livenation.com or Ticketmaster.com.
I purchased through Facebook
After your purchase, we’ll send a confirmation of your purchase to the email address associated with your Facebook account. Click the link in the email to claim your Ticketmaster Verified tickets. You’ll have to sign in or create a Live Nation account to claim your tickets. 

You can also find confirmation of your purchase by going to your Facebook account's payment settings. 

Don't have access to the email address associated with your Facebook account or need more help? Contact Fan Support.
I purchased through Bandsintown
After your purchase, we'll email you a confirmation with a link to claim your tickets. Click that Claim link to get your Ticketmaster Verified tickets.

During the claim process, you’ll have to sign in or create a Live Nation account.

If you still need help, contact Fan Support.

I purchased through Goldstar
If you purchased tickets through Goldstar, please contact them through the Goldstar Contact Us page for questions regarding tickets purchased on their site or to review their FAQs.

How do I get help with my G-Pass ticket or Groupon ticket voucher?
G-Pass tickets will be available to print from your Groupon account 48 hours after your deal ends.

If you have a Groupon voucher instead of a G-Pass ticket, you should print your voucher to exchange it at the box office or as follow the instructions in your deal's Fine Print.

If you still need assistance, visit Groupon.com.
-
Where can I view my ticket purchases?
If you bought your tickets online at Livenation.com, they will automatically appear in your account. 

How to view your tickets on the Ticketmaster app:

Sign into your My Account.
Tap My Events.
Tap on your event to view your seat location(s), barcode(s) and more!
How to view your tickets on Ticketmaster.com (desktop/mobile web):

Sign into your My Account.
Find your orders in the My Tickets section and click See Details.
View your delivery status, seat locations, total charges and more!
Don't have a My Account? Get yours now!
-
How do I check if my tickets are valid or authentic?
The only way to know your tickets are authentic is to buy Ticketmaster Verified Tickets directly from Ticketmaster or Live Nation, or get them at the venue box office. These tickets will always be 100% authentic.

We can't verify tickets bought from a third-party.


-
How do I find my receipt or order confirmation number?
You can view your online ticket orders in your My Account.

If you purchased resale tickets, it can take up to 24 hours for the order to appear in your account.

Need a receipt? Click Print Receipt under Orders. But, you can’t print tickets or receipts from our app. 

If you don't see the order you're looking for, you may have used a different account to purchase your tickets — some fans have a few accounts!
-
Why am I getting a blocked, forbidden or 403 error message?
Those errors mean that you've been temporarily blocked from buying tickets because you may have refreshed your browser too frequently. Our system thinks you’re a bot, an automated program trying to scoop up tickets, and we automatically block bots! In most cases, it’s only temporary so try again later.

Additionally, you may inadvertently trigger an error if you’re using a VPN or other software that makes it look like you’re using multiple IPs. We recommend clearing your cookies in your web browser, turning off VPNs and double-checking the software on your desktop while shopping for tickets.

-
Why was my Live Nation order processed by Ticketmaster?
In early 2010, Live Nation and Ticketmaster joined forces to connect you to a world of exciting events and offers with more choice, better service, and greater transparency. Your credit card statement says Ticketmaster because LiveNation.com is using the Ticketmaster checkout system - your Live Nation tickets are good to go!
-
International events and orders
If you are inquiring about an event or a previously placed order for an event taking place in a country other than the United States or Canada, review the list below to find the appropriate Ticketmaster website for assistance.

Country

Help Site

Austria

https://help.ticketmaster.at

Australia

https://help.ticketmaster.com.au

Belgium

https://help.ticketmaster.be

Canada

https://help.ticketmaster.ca

Cyprus

https://shop.tickethour.com/showNews.html?idNews=50

Czech Republic

https://help.ticketmaster.cz

Denmark

https://help.ticketmaster.dk

Finland

https://help.ticketmaster.fi

France

https://help.ticketmaster.fr

Germany

https://help.ticketmaster.de

Greece

https://help.ticketmaster.gr

Ireland

https://help.ticketmaster.ie

Italy

https://help.ticketmaster.it

Mexico

https://www.ticketmaster.com.mx/h/help.html

New Zealand

https://help.ticketmaster.co.nz

Norway

https://help.ticketmaster.no

Poland

https://help.ticketmaster.pl

Singapore

https://ticketmaster.sg/faq

South Africa

https://help.ticketmaster.co.za

Spain

https://help.ticketmaster.es

Sweden

https://help.ticketmaster.se

Switzerland

https://help.ticketmaster.ch

Taiwan

https://help.tixcraft.com/hc/en-us

The Netherlands

https://help.ticketmaster.nl

Turkey

https://help.biletix.com/hc/tr

United Arab Emirates

https://help.ticketmaster.ae

United Kingdom

https://help.ticketmaster.co.uk
-
Can I add tickets to an existing order?
To add tickets to an existing order, contact Fan Support. If tickets are available, a representative can assist you. You’ll need your order number and the last four digits of your credit card for verification.

The payment method used to purchase your existing order will be charged for the additional tickets.
-
ParkWhiz Parking Pass
Using your pass
If you purchased ParkWhiz parking during the checkout process, you can find your parking pass in your My Account by following the below steps:

Sign in to your My Account.
Find your order under the My Tickets section and click See Details.
Under the Event Extras section, click the View button to see your ParkWhiz parking pass.
Scan the QR code from your parking pass on your mobile device or print it from a computer. Then follow the instructions to gain entry.
If you purchased ParkWhiz parking outside of your original ticket transaction, we'll send a link to print or view your parking pass to your email address. Check your email for a confirmation from help@parkwhiz.com.

Purchasing your pass
Why does my credit card statement show a charge from ParkWhiz?

ParkWhiz is Ticketmaster’s official parking service provider for off-site parking options.

A charge from ParkWhiz will appear on your statement.

How can I request a refund for my ParkWhiz parking pass if I'm unable to attend the event?

You need to submit the ParkWhiz parking pass refund request before the parking start time. Contact Parkwhiz at help@parkwhiz.com for any refund-related requests.

Can I sell or transfer my parking pass?

ParkWhiz parking passes can’t be sold or transferred through your Ticketmaster account. You can give the physical print out of the pass to someone else to use.

Accessible parking
Accessible parking availability varies by location and is on first-come, first-served basis. Check the Amenities section of your parking pass for accessible parking availability.

You can also contact the ParkWhiz Customer Experience team at 888-472-7594 before you purchase parking to check if accessible parking is available.

-
How do I get help with my G-Pass ticket or Groupon ticket voucher?
G-Pass tickets will be available to print from your Groupon account 48 hours after your deal ends.

If you have a Groupon voucher instead of a G-Pass ticket, you should print your voucher to exchange it at the box office or as follow the instructions in your deal's Fine Print.

If you still need assistance, visit Groupon.com.

-
What are Virtual Commemorative Tickets?
Each qualifying ticket (excluding Verified Resale tickets) comes with one free Virtual Commemorative Ticket — a unique digital collectible that’s your very own piece of concert history.

You can collect Virtual Commemorative Tickets for your favorite shows and share them with your friends. These are NFTs (Non-Fungible Tokens) minted on an eco-friendly blockchain.

To learn more, visit our Virtual Commemorative Tickets help site: https://livevct.zendesk.com/hc/en-us
-

NFT
Please visit our NFT help page for all your NFT questions: https://livenation-nft.zendesk.com/hc/en-us
 - 
What is Vet Tix?
Through the Veteran Tickets Foundation, Vet Tix provides active military and veterans with free tickets to eligible events.

Once you register, a link to claim your tickets will be sent by Vet Tix 72 hours before your event.

Please contact VetTix.org for all other inquiries regarding tickets obtained through Vet Tix.

- 

Ticketing Truths | Ticketmaster
Visit our Ticketing Truths page to learn more about how ticketing works: https://www.ticketmaster.com/ticketingtruths

What is a ticket?
A ticket is proof that you are permitted entry into a venue.

Who issues the ticket?
Generally, the venue (e.g., Football Stadiums, Sports Arenas, Amphitheaters, Clubs, Festivals, Exhibitions, Theatres).
Who chooses the ticketing company?
Venues usually control the right to select the ticketing company. They get competitive bids from multiple ticketers, and then typically choose a partner to provide support for a number of years.

What does the ticketing company do?
The ticketing company develops and provides technology and services to help venues market shows, sell tickets, handle entry, provide customer service and more.

Who sets the ticket price?
The artist team sets face value ticket prices.

Who decides show dates and when tickets go on sale?
The artist plans their tour with their manager, agent, and promoter. Together this group decides which venues to play, when to put tickets on sale, and what different distribution channels to sell tickets through including various presales and onsales.

Who keeps the proceeds from ticket sales?
Artists and their teams keep the vast majority of ticket sale revenues, often 100% of the face value. Venues and ticketing providers generally do not get a share of the ticket revenue.

Who sets the service fees?
The venue sets the service fee rate card and keeps most of the service fees, with some portion going to the ticketing company and to pay credit card fees.

Why are so many tickets on resale marketplaces?
Many artists choose to price tickets under market value, which creates the opportunity for people to resell them for a profit. This is particularly the case for the most popular shows, where there is more demand than supply.

Do the artists get paid from resale?
No, the sellers (fans, season ticket holders, brokers or scalpers) set and keep the resale ticket price.

Why does Ticketmaster allow resale on its site?
There is legitimate resale, and in those instances we want to ensure that fans have a safe, simple and secure way to resell their tickets. However we do a number of things differently, including not allowing such sales before a general onsale and banning deceptive tactics like “speculative” ticket sales (scalpers sometimes try to sell tickets that don't actually exist, often before they even go onsale).

FAIR Ticketing - There are many reforms that can help improve ticketing for fans – and it starts by putting artists in control of how tickets are sold and resold, not scalpers. We stand ready to work with policymakers on FAIR Ticketing.

-
How to shop for tickets with Alexa
Using Amazon Alexa, getting tickets to your favorite live events with Ticketmaster has never been simpler. Simply use your voice to search for events by saying the artists or teams, location or event dates.

What is Alexa?

Alexa is the cloud-based voice service from Amazon. Its the brain behind Amazon Echo, Amazon Echo Dot and other Alexa-enabled devices. Using Alexa is as simple as asking a question.

Where is this integration available?

Discovering and buying tickets with Ticketmaster on Alexa-enabled devices is currently available in the U.S. only, but will expand to more countries in the near future.

How to shop with Alexa

You can access the skill by saying something as simple as, “Alexa, open Ticketmaster” or “Alexa, ask Ticketmaster to find events this weekend.”
After a welcome message from your device, you can discover events by searching for the event name, a city or date range, or an artist or team name. For example:
“Find concerts in Los Angeles.”
"Find tickets for the Seattle Seahawks.”
“What time is the Lion King in New York city?”
“What are Twenty-One Pilots upcoming tour dates?”
You’ll then hear details about events and concert tour dates. You can also state the number of tickets you’re looking to buy and how much you’re looking to pay per ticket.
Finally, just link your Ticketmaster account to Alexa, and use its stored payment methods to complete the purchase. Ticketmaster will send you an order confirmation email, and your tickets will be available in your Ticketmaster account.

-
NFL Tickets: Everything You Need to Know
This season NFL fans have the power of Ticketmaster SafeTix™. SafeTix are powered by a new and unique barcode that automatically refreshes every few seconds so it cannot be stolen or copied, keeping your tickets safe and secure.

Additionally, they offer the same flexibility and features you enjoy to manage your tickets. From transferring tickets to family and friends, to selling your tickets when plans change – you can count on Ticketmaster SafeTix to always get you to the action in the safest way possible.

Below we have commonly asked questions about how to use your SafeTix on game day. 

Access Your Tickets
How do I know which Ticketmaster account I need to sign in to?

If you are a Season Ticket Holder, you'll want to use: 

Your Team Account, visit your NFL team ticket page or team app to sign in using your Ticketmaster credentials.
If you are a Single Ticket Buyer, you'll want to use: 

Your My Account via mobile web or the Ticketmaster app.
If you're using an Apple phone

Barcodes are no longer displayed when tickets are added to your wallet. 

When you arrive, tap the notification or open your Apple Wallet to locate your ticket. 
Hold the top of your iPhone near the ticket reader and you’re all set. Multiple tickets? Just swipe over and repeat.
If you're using an Android phone

View your tickets in your account. 
When you arrive, simply view your ticket on your phone, your barcode will be scanned and you’re all set. Alternatively, learn How to use Google Pay for event entry.
Attending the Game
How do I enter the stadium with my ticket?

When you attend games, you’ll need to display your tickets on your mobile phone. We recommend using the Ticketmaster app for the easiest and fastest option. When you view your ticket in our app, your ticket will be automatically saved so it’s always ready. Here’s how it works:

The Simple Steps to Use Your SafeTix on Event Day

Sign into your account on the Ticketmaster app.
Tap My Events to view your order.
Add your ticket to your phone’s digital wallet to tap-and-go at the gate. 
When you arrive, simply open your ticket in your phone’s wallet, hold your phone near the scanner and you’re all set. Barcodes are no longer displayed when tickets are added to your wallet.
Your ticket must be displayed on your phone. Screenshots and print outs will not be accepted for NFL games.

What if I don’t have a smartphone or my phone is broken?

If you have a cracked screen, or are just not using a smart device — no problem. Simply visit the box office at the venue upon arrival. Have your ID and order number handy and you will be issued a physical ticket.

I’m worried about my battery or cell service. What should I do?

If either is an issue, this ticket has you covered. Once you view it in our App, your ticket is automatically saved so it’s always ready. We also recommend adding it to your phone’s digital wallet so it’s just a tap away. Barcodes are no longer displayed when tickets are added to your wallet.

I lost my phone. What should I do?

Don’t worry, we’ve got you. Simply visit the box office at the venue upon arrival. Have your ID and order number handy and you will be issued a physical ticket. 

Transferring Tickets
How does a ticket transfer work? Is it safe?

When you transfer tickets to another fan and they accept them, the recipient is issued a new barcode that only they can use. The tickets in the sender’s account will no longer be valid for entry.

What is the benefit of transferring tickets?

You can use Ticket Transfer to send some or all of your tickets from your Ticketmaster account to others securely. It allows everyone going to the event to have their own ticket. And it's easy, safe, and completely free to do.

Will the person I transfer tickets to need a Ticketmaster account?

Yes, and it takes just a few seconds to create one if they are new to Ticketmaster. If they already have an account, just be sure to use the email address associated with their Ticketmaster account so it’s even easier for them to accept their tickets.

How do I transfer tickets?

Sign into your My Account.
Find your order in My Events.
If available, tap the Transfer Tickets button.
Select the ticket you want to transfer.
Enter the name and email of the person you’re sending it to, then click Send.
Selling Tickets
I have tickets I want to sell. How can I get started?

Visit our Sell page where you can learn all about selling tickets on Ticketmaster. 

What is Fan-to-Fan Resale?

Life happens and plans change, so we built a way for fans to safely sell tickets they can no longer use. Right here on Ticketmaster, you can securely sell tickets to other fans who are looking for seats. Fan-to-Fan resale tickets are 100% verified, reissued with a new barcode in the name of the buyer, and can’t be counterfeited. 

Listing tickets from your account

If your tickets are in your Ticketmaster Account below are the steps to list them:

Sign in to your My Account.
Find your order in the My Tickets section and click See Details or in My Events on the app.
Click the Sell Tickets button or the Sell button on the app. If the button doesn’t appear, is grayed out or you receive a message that the Event Organizer hasn’t activated resale, your tickets aren’t eligible for resale.
If available, select the ticket(s) you want to sell and click Continue.
Follow the prompts to choose your pricing and enter a payout method.
Skip the hassle by choosing the debit card payout option — no verification process is required on your part. Visit the FAQ How and when do I get paid for tickets I sell? for more information.
Review your listing and you’re done.
We’ll deposit your payout typically within 5-7 business days after your tickets are sold. If you posted your tickets by barcode, you'll receive your payout typically within 5-7 business days after the event takes place.

In order to resell tickets for events in the U.S., you must have a U.S. bank account. In addition,  you’ll need Tax Seller Details, which may include a Social Security Number (SSN) or an Individual Taxpayer Identification Number (ITIN), must be validated before we can pay you. You can fill out your Seller Tax Details in this form. Visit the FAQ 1099-K Form: Answers to Some Common Questions for more information.

How do I view, edit or remove my listing?

Ticketmaster makes it easy to manage your ticket listings. You can view, edit and manage your listing(s) through your Listings page.

How to edit your listing:

On Ticketmaster.com (desktop/mobile web)

Sign into your My Account.
Find your listing under the My Listings section.
Click the pencil icon next to the price.
Click Submit Edit and your listing price will be updated shortly.
On the Ticketmaster app

Sign into your My Account.
Tap Sell.
Select Tickets I’m Selling.
Tap the pencil icon next to the price.
Click Submit Edit and your listing price will be updated shortly.
How to remove your listing:

On Ticketmaster.com (desktop/mobile web)

Sign into your My Account.
Find your listing under the My Listings section.
Click the Remove Listing button to the right of the listing you want to remove.
Confirm that you want to remove your listing and it will be taken down shortly.
On the Ticketmaster app

Sign into your My Account.
Tap Sell.
Select Tickets I’m Selling.
Tap Remove Listing.
Confirm that you want to remove your listing and it will be taken down shortly.
-
I decided not to attend the event and I have event ticket insurance. Can I get a refund?
For ticket insurance refunds, please contact the insurance provider.

Event Ticket Protector Insurance only refunds prepaid, non-refundable payments when you have to cancel for a covered reason. 

Covered reasons include (for example):

Sudden covered medical emergencies
Death of a family member or companion
Mechanical breakdown on the way to an event
Traffic accident while en route to the event
Jury or military duty
Your home has been rendered uninhabitable
Please see the Certificate of Insurance/Policy for a complete list of covered reasons, terms, conditions and exclusions that apply. Your tickets won’t be refunded if you’ve simply changed your mind. 

If you have Allianz Global Assistance, you can get a quote, manage your policy or submit a claim on the Event Ticket Insurance page.

-
What is covered by Allianz Global Assistance Event Ticket Protector Insurance?
The insurance component provides reimbursement for 100 percent of the ticket price including taxes and shipping charges. With event ticket insurance, your financial loss will be covered if you can’t attend an event for any of the below reasons:

Covered Illness or Injury* - preventing you or an event companion from being able to attend the event or if a family member is hospitalized or requires your care
Traffic accidents - which prevent you from getting to an event
Mechanical Breakdown - if your car breaks down within 48 hours of the event
Carrier delay - if your plane or other common carrier experiences a covered delay while going to the event
Home or Business Issues - if your home or business is uninhabitable due to fire, flood, vandalism, burglary or natural disasters
Care for a family member - serious injury to a family member, requiring you to provide care
Employer Termination - providing protection against a lay-off
Jury Duty - if you are required to serve on jury duty after having purchased an event ticket
Work Relocation - if you are relocated by your company over 100 miles from your home
Military Duty - if you are required to miss an event as a result of military orders
Death - if the purchaser, an event companion, or immediate family member passes away
Terms, conditions, and exclusions apply.
Certain pre-existing conditions may be covered. Please see the full Certificate of Insurance/Policy for full details

Event Ticket Protector also includes access to the Allianz Global Assistance Event 24-hour assistance hotline. A staff of multilingual problem solvers is available to help you with medical, legal or travel-related emergency. Please call 1-800-424-3396.


-
How do I file a claim for Event Ticket Protector Insurance?
If you purchased Ticket Insurance, you must file a claim online at eventticketprotection.com/tm or contact the Allianz Global Assistance claims office at (800) 334-7525.

All documentation and information required for your claim can be found on your claim filing confirmation. Allianz Global Assistance representatives are available 24/7 if you need assistance.


-
How do I cancel Event Ticket Protector Insurance?
To cancel your insurance, contact Allianz Global Assistance by visiting the Event Ticket Insurance page.

When you purchase a plan from Allianz Global Assistance, you have a review period determined by your state of residence to examine the plan. If for any reason, you wish to cancel your plan during the review period, you’ll be refunded your premium as long as you haven’t filed a claim and your event has not begun.

Premiums are non-refundable after the review period.


-
What is Allianz Global Assistance Event Ticket Protector Insurance?
It's peace of mind offered by Allianz Global Assistance® Event Ticket Protector(sm).If a covered medical issue, traffic accident, jury duty, or other covered reason* keeps you from attending your event, you can be reimbursed 100% of the ticket price including taxes, fees and delivery charges up to your plan limit.

Terms, conditions, and exclusions apply. Insurance benefits are underwritten by Jefferson Insurance Company (NY, Administrative Office: 9950 Mayland Drive, Richmond, VA 23233), rated "A+" (Superior) by A.M. Best Co., under Jefferson Form No. 105 series. Plan(s) only available to U.S. residents and may not be available in all jurisdictions.  AGA Service Company is the licensed producer and administrator of this plan and an affiliate of Jefferson Insurance Company. The insured shall not receive any special benefit or advantage due to the affiliation between AGA Service Company and Jefferson Insurance Company. Plans include insurance benefits and assistance services. Non-Insurance benefits / products are provided and serviced by AGA Service Company. Any NonInsurance Assistance services purchased are provided through AGA Service Company.  Except as expressly provided under your plan, you are responsible for charges you incur from third parties.  Contact AGA Service Company at 800-284-8300 or 9950 Mayland Drive, Richmond, VA 23233 or customerservice@allianzassistance.com.
-
When should I purchase Allianz Global Assistance Event Ticket Protector Insurance?
We recommend you opt-in for ticket insurance by selecting the Yes, protect my ticket purchase button during checkout.

However, you can also purchase insurance by visiting eventticketprotection.com/tm no later than 30 days prior to your event date.

-
What should I do if my tickets were lost, stolen or destroyed?
If your tickets are lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed, please contact Fan Support and our team will be happy to help.

Make sure you have your order number or the credit card you used to buy the tickets readily available.

For damaged or destroyed Print-at-Home tickets, you can print your tickets again from the link in your confirmation email or your account.

-
My Gift Card was lost or stolen. What should I do?
Unfortunately, the Gift Card is not replaceable if lost or stolen.
-
Where can eGift Cards be used?
They can be used online just like your regular gift cards.
-
What will my eGift Card recipient receive?
Your eGift Card recipient will get a personalized email with a link to their eGift Card to use for their next live event.


-
What can a gift card be used for?
Ticketmaster Gift Cards can be used for the following:

Tickets
Parking
VIP Packages
Some merchandise
Live Nation Gift Cards can be used for the purchase of tickets sold through Live Nation and Ticketmaster via the internet, in the Live Nation mobile app and via telephone for Live Nation-produced events and many other events held at Live Nation venues. However, the Gift Card cannot be used for certain types of tickets or tickets to certain types of events or for tickets to events that are not in the United States. Live Nation Gift Cards cannot be used towards the purchase of Fan-to-Fan resale tickets.


-
I haven't received my gift card. What should I do?
eGift Cards purchased on or after October 4, 2022 can be resent or retrieved by visiting livenation.cashstar.com.

If you purchased a digital gift card before this date or you purchased a physical gift card from Live Nation directly, please contact Fan Support.


-
How do I use a Gift Card?
When you’re ready to check out, follow these steps:

Click the Add Credits / Promo Codes / Gift Card section on the payment screen. If you don't see the button, you can't use a gift card for that event. Gift Cards aren't accepted for MLB or Fan-to-Fan Resale tickets.
Enter your gift card number and PIN. All Live Nation Gift Cards have a PIN number.
Your Gift Card balance will be applied to your order.

-
How do I purchase a gift card?
You can purchase eGift Cards online. They can only be purchased with a U.S. or CA credit card. Physical gift cards aren't available. 

You can’t use Ticketmaster Gift Cards to market your company or for any consumer promotion without our prior written authorization. Please send an email with your request to trademarks@livenation.com.
-
Gift Card Terms of Use
Acceptance of Terms of Use.
Use of the Live Nation Gift Card ("Gift Card") constitutes acceptance of these Terms of Use. Live Nation reserves the right to change these Terms of Use at any time in its discretion without notice. The purchase and use of Gift Cards are also subject to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy on the Live Nation and Ticketmaster websites.
 

Redemption of Gift Cards.
Gift Cards may be used toward the purchase of tickets sold through the Live Nation and Ticketmaster websites and mobile apps for Live Nation-produced events and many other events held at Live Nation venues. However, Gift Cards cannot be used for certain types of tickets or tickets to certain types of events. Gift Cards cannot be used toward the purchase of Fan-to-Fan resale tickets.
 

Gift Card Balance.
Check your Gift Card balance online at https://www.livenation.com/giftcards/balance. You must have your Gift Card and PIN number available.
 

Lost or Stolen Gift Cards.
Gift Cards are not replaceable if lost or stolen.
 

Expiration Dates.
Purchased Gift Cards have no expiration date. However, after a certain period of time we may remit the cash associated with unused Gift Card balances to certain states pursuant to their abandoned property laws. Once we have remitted that cash to such a state, the Gift Card may no longer be redeemed, and we may direct you to that state's government instead. If you received a Gift Card from a promotion, the Gift Card may have an expiration date and you will not be able to redeem the Gift Card after such date. Please check your promotional Gift Card for the exact expiration date.
 

Cash Redemption.
Gift Cards are not returnable or redeemable for cash except in states where required by law.
 

Restrictions on Use.
Gift Cards cannot be combined with any other Gift Cards, gift certificates or other coupons. The Gift Card cannot be used as a credit or debit card. Gift Cards may not be used in connection with any marketing, advertising, incentive or promotional activities without Live Nation's prior written approval and may not be sold other than through authorized Live Nation channels. Please send an email to trademarks@livenation.com with your request to use a Gift Card for marketing, advertising or promotional activities. Live Nation reserves the right to limit quantities of Gift Cards purchased by any person or entity. Live Nation reserves the right to cancel a Gift Card if it believes that the Gift Card was obtained through fraudulent or unauthorized means. No credit card, credit line, overdraft protection, or deposit account is associated with your Gift Card.
 

Not Reloadable.
You cannot add value/balance ("reload") to your Gift Card.
 

Unused or Insufficient Balance.
If your purchase exceeds the amount of your Gift Card balance, you must pay the difference by another means. Unused Gift Card balances are not transferable.
 

Billing Errors.
Live Nation reserves the right to correct the balance of the Gift Card if it believes that a billing error has occurred. Live Nation disclaims all liability for any such billing errors.
 

Issuance and Governing Law.
Gift Cards are issued by Ticketmaster L.L.C. These Gift Card Terms of Use will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Virginia without regard to conflict of law rules.
 

Disclaimer.
Live Nation and its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates make no warranties, express or implied, with respect to Gift Cards, including without limitation, any express or implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. In the event a Gift Card is non-functional, your sole remedy, and our sole liability, shall be the replacement of the Gift Card. Certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions or limitation may not apply to you and you might have additional rights.
 

Disputes.
Any dispute related to Gift Cards shall be handled in accordance with the disputes section of the Live Nation website Terms of Use.
-
How do I check my Gift Card balance?
You can check your Gift Card balance on the Gift Cards & Codes page, but you’ll need to sign in or create an account.

Please have your Gift Card and PIN number available.

If you’re having difficulties checking a gift card balance that was purchased at a retail location, not directly from Live Nation, return to that location for help.


-
Do Gift Cards expire?
The Gift Card has no expiration date. However, in certain states, after a certain period of time, we may remit the cash associated with unused Gift Card balances to certain states pursuant to their abandoned property laws. Once we have remitted that cash to such a state, if someone tries to redeem the Gift Card, it may no longer be redeemed and we may direct them to that state's government instead.
-
Can I regift my eGift Card?
Yes, you can forward the email with the link to the eGift Card to anyone you want.


-
Can I redeem my gift card for cash?
Yes, if you live in one of these states and the balance is less than the amount listed:

State	Balance
California	< $10
Colorado	< $5
Connecticut	< $3
Maine	< $5
Massachusetts  	< $5
Montana	< $5
New Jersey	< $5
Oregon	< $5
Rhode Island	< $1
Texas	< $2.50
Vermont	< $1
Washington	< $5
Simply send your gift card or eGift Card along with a self-addressed envelope to the following address:

Ticketmaster
Attn: GCR
1000 Corporate Landing
Charleston, WV 25311.

We’ll verify your address, confirm your balance, and send you a check. If we can’t verify your address or the balance is equal to or greater than the cap, we’ll return your gift card or eGift Card.
-
Bulk Gift Card
Bulk purchases for Live Nation gift cards are not available at this time.
-
Are eGift Cards delivered immediately?
We’ll deliver the eGift Card exactly when you need it. Choose between sending it immediately or on a specific date, and we’ll take care of the rest.


-
How do I sell tickets?
Listing and selling tickets with Ticketmaster is easy, there are two simple ways to do it.

List from your account
Sign into your My Account.
Find your order in the My Tickets section and click See Details or in My Events on the app.
Click the Sell Tickets button or tap the Sell button on the app. If the button doesn’t appear, is grayed out or you receive a message that the Event Organizer hasn’t activated resale, your tickets aren’t eligible for resale.
Select the ticket(s) you want to sell and click Continue.
Follow the prompts, choose your pricing and enter a payout method.
Skip the hassle by choosing the debit card payout option — it requires no verification process on your part. Visit the FAQ How and when do I get paid for tickets I sell? to learn more.
Review your listing and you’re done.
We’ll deposit your payout typically within 5-7 business days after your tickets are sold.

In order to resell tickets for events in the U.S., you must have a U.S. bank account. In addition,  you’ll need Tax Seller Details, which may include a Social Security Number (SSN) or an Individual Taxpayer Identification Number (ITIN), must be validated before we can pay you. You can fill out your Seller Tax Details in this form. Visit the FAQ 1099-K Form: Answers to Some Common Questions for more information.

List by barcode
From Ticketmaster’s Sell Page, search by event, team or artists to start your listing.
Select the event from the list, then click the Sell Tickets button or tap Sell on the app. If the button doesn’t appear, is grayed out or you receive a message that the Event Organizer hasn’t activated resale, your tickets aren’t eligible for resale.
Enter the ticket barcode(s) for the tickets you want to sell then click Continue.
Follow the prompts, choose your pricing and enter a payout method. When listing tickets by barcode, you won’t be paid until after the event has taken place.
Skip the hassle by choosing the debit card payout option — no verification process is required on your part. Visit the FAQ How and when do I get paid for tickets I sell? for more information.
Review your listing then you’re done.
In order to resell tickets for events in the U.S., you must have a U.S. bank account. In addition,  you’ll need Tax Seller Details, which may include a Social Security Number (SSN) or an Individual Taxpayer Identification Number (ITIN), must be validated before we can pay you. You can fill out your Seller Tax Details in this form. Visit the FAQ 1099-K Form: Answers to Some Common Questions for more information.


-
How do I know if I can sell my tickets?
You can click the Sell Tickets button or tap the Sell button on the app to see if your tickets are available for resale. If the button doesn’t appear, is grayed out or you receive a message that the Event Organizer hasn’t activated resale, your tickets aren’t eligible for resale.

In order to resell your tickets for events in the U.S., you must have a U.S. bank account.


-
How and when do I get paid for tickets I sell?
If your tickets are sold, we’ll send you an email to let you know. You can also check the status of your tickets on your Listings page.

Before we pay you, we’ll need your taxpayer information which includes a Social Security Number (SSN) or an Individual Taxpayer Identification Number (ITIN). Visit the FAQ 1099-K Form: Answers to Some Common Questions for more information.

You’ll have two payout options when listing your tickets for sale:

Debit Card (U.S. Accounts Only)

Our preferred and easiest method to get paid. Requires no verification process on your part.

Checking/Savings Account (ACH)

Once your tickets sell, you'll have to verify your account before we begin to process your payment. Visit the FAQ How do I verify the two Ticketmaster deposits to get paid by direct deposit? for more information.

We’ll deposit your payout typically within 5-7 business days after your tickets are sold. If your tickets sell by barcode, we'll deposit your payout typically within 5-7 business days after the event takes place.


-
How do I edit or remove tickets listed for resale?
You can quickly update your listing with just a few clicks.

How to edit your listing:

On Ticketmaster.com (desktop/mobile web)

Sign into your My Account.
Find your listing under the My Listings section.
Click the pencil icon next to the price.
Click Submit Edit and your listing price will be updated shortly.
On the Ticketmaster app

Sign into your My Account.
Tap Sell.
Select Tickets I’m Selling.
Tap the pencil icon next to the price.
Click Submit Edit and your listing price will be updated shortly.
 

How to remove your listing:

On Ticketmaster.com (desktop/mobile web)

Sign into your My Account.
Find your listing under the My Listings section.
Click the Remove Listing button to the right of the listing you want to remove.
Confirm that you want to remove your listing and it will be taken down shortly.
On the Ticketmaster app

Sign into your My Account.
Tap Sell.
Select Tickets I’m Selling.
Tap Remove Listing.
Confirm that you want to remove your listing and it will be taken down shortly.
-
How do I verify the two Ticketmaster deposits to get paid by direct deposit?
You can verify your direct deposits in just a few clicks, but remember, we’ll need to collect your taxpayer information before we can pay you. You can fill out your Seller Tax Details in this form. Not sure how to do it? Visit the FAQ 1099-K Form: Answers to Some Common Questions for more information.

To verify the Ticketmaster direct deposits, follow these steps:

Find the two deposits (each less than $1) in the account you used for your seller profile. These deposits may take 3-5 business days to be made after your tickets sell.
Sign into your My Account from a desktop, laptop or mobile web browser (you can't verify these deposits from the Ticketmaster app).
Select Payment Options.
Click the Verify Now button under Selling Tickets.
Enter the deposit amounts in the boxes.
Click Submit.
We’ll deposit your payout typically within 5-7 business days after your tickets are sold. If you posted your tickets by barcode, you'll receive your payout typically within 5-7 business days after the event takes place.

In order to resell tickets for events in the U.S., you must have a U.S. bank account. In addition, you'll need Tax Seller Details, which may include a Social Security Number (SSN) or an Individual Taxpayer Identification Number (ITIN), must be validated before we can pay you. You can fill out your Seller Tax Details in this form. Visit the FAQ 1099-K Form: Answers to Some Common Questions for more information.
-
Will all of my tickets be sold together?
If you’re selling two tickets, they’ll always be sold as a pair. 

Here are your options for selling more than two:

3 tickets – sell as 1 or 3

4 tickets – sell as 2 or 4

5 tickets – sell as 1, 2, 3, or 5

6 tickets – sell as 2, 4, or 6

7 tickets – sell as 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 7

8 tickets – sell as 2, 4, 6, or 8

When listing nine or more tickets, they can be sold in any quantity.

This only applies to reserved seating. If you have General Admission (GA) or lawn seats, these can be sold in any quantity.


-
Why has my resale ticket listing been removed?
Resale listings can be removed at any time at the discretion of the Event Organizer, artist, team or venue. Check your order details for any event changes — you may be able to repost your tickets if eligible.


-
Why doesn't every event include resale tickets?
Some artists, teams or venues may not allow resale for certain rows, seats or events. But we’re continuously working with them to include 100% verified resale tickets for more events in the future.


-
Why can't I sell my tickets below face value for my event?
The artist, venue or Event Organizer has set face value as the minimum resale price for that event.


-
What happens if my tickets are not sold?
Your tickets will remain available for purchase until the event’s resale deadline expires, which varies by event. Any tickets that have not sold will be placed back into your account for your use.

Unsold tickets aren’t eligible for refunds, but you can still use the ticket(s) by removing the listing. Visit the FAQ How do I edit or remove tickets listed for resale? for more information.


-
How Ticketmaster’s Face Value Exchange Works
Ticketmaster’s Face Value Exchange offers fans a place to buy and sell tickets at the prices set by the artists.

When artists choose to restrict transfer of their tickets to keep them out of the hands of resellers, Ticketmaster’s Face Value Exchange offers fans the flexibility to sell their tickets should their plans change. Fans can sell their tickets for the price they paid and make their money back while making another fan’s night.

Ticketmaster’s Face Value Exchange is simple and secure. Fans can trust that they’re getting an official ticket, at the price set by the artist.

Listing your tickets
Sign into your My Account.
Find your order in the My Tickets section and click See Details or in My Events on the app.
Click the Sell Tickets button or the Sell button on the app.
Choose to list one or all your tickets for the price you paid.
Tell us how you'd like to get paid.
Review your listing and you’re all set.
We’ll deposit your payout typically within 5-7 business days after your tickets are sold. If you posted your tickets by barcode, you'll receive your payout typically within 5-7 business days after the event takes place.

In order to resell tickets for events in the U.S., you must have a U.S. bank account. In addition, you'll need Tax Seller Details, which may include a Social Security Number (SSN) or an Individual Taxpayer Identification Number (ITIN), must be validated before we can pay you. You can fill out your Seller Tax Details in this form. Visit the FAQ 1099-K Form: Answers to Some Common Questions for more information.

Do I have to list all my tickets for sale on the Exchange, or can I list just one?

With the Exchange, you have the flexibility to list one or all of your tickets. When you list your tickets on the Exchange, you can choose which seats you’d like to sell.

I bought a ticket on another site. Can I sell my ticket on Ticketmaster?

To protect each and every fan who shops on Ticketmaster, we only allow tickets purchased on Ticketmaster to be listed on the Exchange. That way, we can be sure that every ticket listed for sale is authentic.

I bought a ticket on the Exchange and now I can’t go. Can I list it for sale on the Exchange?

Yes, you can sell that ticket on the Exchange to another fan for the same price you paid.

Is there a deadline to list my tickets for sale on the Face Value Exchange?

Tickets may be listed up until one hour after the event start time. However, the sooner you can list your tickets on the Exchange the better opportunity for them to be purchased by another fan. Once it’s been an hour since the event started, any tickets that have not sold will be placed back into your account and will be available for you to use.

If I changed my mind, can I remove my listing on the Exchange?

Yes, as long as your tickets haven’t been sold, you can remove your Exchange listing at any time. You can manage your Exchange listing from the Ticket Listings page.

How do I remove my listing?

How to remove your listing on Ticketmaster.com (desktop/mobile web):

Sign into your My Account.
Find your listing under the My Listings section.
Click the Remove Listing button to the right of the listing you want to remove.
Confirm that you want to remove your listing and it will be taken down shortly.
How to remove your listing on the Ticketmaster app:

Sign into your My Account.
Tap Sell.
Select Tickets I’m Selling.
Tap Remove Listing.
Confirm that you want to remove your listing and it will be taken down shortly.
Pricing your tickets
Who determines how much I can sell my tickets for on the Face Value Exchange?

When you list your tickets for sale on the Face Value Exchange, the listing price is automatically set at the total price you paid. This includes the face value price set by the artist, plus any applicable fees and taxes.

Why can’t I change the price of my ticket when I list it for sale?

The Exchange was developed to provide artists with a way to minimize scalping and get tickets to fans at the price they set. To respect the artist’s decision, tickets may only be listed at the total price paid, which includes the face value price of the ticket plus any applicable fees and taxes.

Selling your tickets
Do I get to pick who I sell my tickets to?

No, when listing tickets on the Face Value Exchange, they’ll be made available for sale on a first-come, first-served basis.

What happens if my tickets don’t sell?

Your tickets will remain available for purchase until one hour after the start of the event. Once that time has passed, any tickets that have not sold will be placed back into your account and will be available for you to use.

When do I get paid after selling my tickets on the Exchange?

When your tickets sell, you’ll get paid via your selected method of payment typically within 5–7 business days, provided we have all the necessary information. To check on the status of your posted tickets, just sign in to My Account. We’ll also automatically notify you via email if your tickets are sold.

How do I get paid after selling my tickets on the Exchange?

When your tickets sell, we’ll automatically notify you via email. You can also check on the status of your posted tickets by signing in to My Account. To ensure there’s no delay in receiving your payment, be sure to follow these steps:

Make sure your account is up to date with a.) a valid method of payment and b.) a valid card on file to refund the buyer in case the event is postponed or canceled.
Submit your Tax Identification Number.
If you’re getting paid by direct deposit into your bank account and this is your first time using that account, for your security you’ll have to verify 2 small deposits.
After completing these steps, you’ll be paid typically within 5–7 business days.

How do I verify the two Ticketmaster deposits to get paid by direct deposit?

Find the two deposits (each less than $1) in the checking account you used for your seller profile. Please note: These deposits may take 3–5 business days to appear after your tickets sell.
Go to Ticketmaster.com and sign in to My Account. (You can’t verify these deposits using the Ticketmaster app.)
Click Payment Options.
Click the Verify Now button in the alert under Selling Tickets.
Enter the deposit amounts in the boxes.
Click Submit.
Once your direct deposit account is verified, you won’t have to do this again unless your account info changes.

Purchasing tickets
How do I know if I'm purchasing tickets on the Face Value Exchange?

When you land on the event page for a show that's utilizing the Face Value Exchange, an info box will appear that notifies you that you're purchasing tickets on the Face Value Exchange.

I don't see any tickets available for purchase on the Face Value Exchange. What should I do?

It’s likely that other fans will only list their tickets once they are absolutely certain of a scheduling conflict, or last-minute issue preventing them from attending their event. We suggest checking back often — you never know when more tickets might pop up.


-
Where do I find my ticket’s barcode?
If you’re looking to sell your tickets using the barcode, follow these steps to locate the numbers:

Mobile Only tickets

Ticketmaster app

Sign into your My Account.
Find your order by tapping My Events.
Tap Ticket Details on each of your tickets. 
Mobile web browser

Sign into your My Account.
Find your order in the My Tickets section.
Select your ticket. 
Tap the i symbol in the top right corner and scroll to see your barcode.
Barcodes may not be visible if there is a ticket delivery delay or if you're viewing them through your digital wallet.

PDF or printed tickets

The barcode is typically located under the barcode symbol. It may be printed on the ticket or PDF more than once.


-
I can't exchange my tickets. What should I do?
If you can’t exchange your tickets, you have a few options you could try instead:

Transfer the tickets to your friends and family. Not all events are eligible, but if yours is, you’ll see a blue Transfer Tickets button.
Sell the tickets to another fan. From your order, click Sell Tickets or the Sell button on the app to see if resale is available. If the button doesn’t appear, is grayed out or you receive a message that the Event Organizer hasn’t activated resale, your tickets aren’t eligible for resale.
To resell your tickets for events in the U.S., you must have a U.S. bank account.
-
Do I have to pay a set-up fee to list my tickets?
Creating a listing to sell your tickets is always free. However, when your tickets are sold, a service fee is collected from the total selling price of your tickets. During the setup process, you’ll be able to view all of the details before finalizing your ticket listing.


-
Do I have to sell all of my tickets?
When selling your eligible tickets, you're in control.

With Fan-to-Fan Resale, you have the flexibility to sell all or just some of your tickets. To select specific tickets, click Sell Tickets and select the box next to the desired tickets. A check mark will appear in the box when selected.

-
Can I sell tickets for any event?
Not all events or tickets are available for resale, but it's easy to find out if your seats are eligible through Ticketmaster.

To find out if the Event Organizer has activated resale for your event, follow these steps:

Sign into your My Account.
Find your order in the My Tickets section and click See Details or in My Events on the app.
Click the Sell Tickets button or the Sell button on the app. If the app button doesn’t appear, is grayed out or you receive a message that the Event Organizer hasn’t activated resale, your tickets aren’t eligible for resale. 
If available, select the tickets you want to sell and click Continue.
Follow the prompts to choose your pricing and enter a payout method.
Skip the hassle by choosing the debit card payout option – no verification process is required on your part. Visit the FAQ How and when do I get paid for tickets I sell? for more information.
Review your listing and you're done.
We’ll deposit your payout typically within 5-7 business days after your tickets are sold. If you posted your tickets by barcode, you'll receive your payout typically within 5-7 business days after the event takes place.

In order to resell tickets for events in the U.S., you must have a U.S. bank account. In addition, you'll need Tax Seller Details, which may include a Social Security Number (SSN) or an Individual Taxpayer Identification Number (ITIN), must be validated before we can pay you. You can fill out your Seller Tax Details in this form. Visit the FAQ 1099-K Form: Answers to Some Common Questions for more information.


-
Can I sell season tickets?
While you can't list season tickets directly from your Ticketmaster account, you can always list eligible season tickets from your Account Manager account. They'll appear on Ticketmaster if your team has authorized Fan-to-Fan Resale.

Visit the FAQ Account Manager for Season Ticket Holders for more information.


-
What is TicketExchange and how does it work?
Ticket Exchange is the official Fan-to-Fan Resale marketplace of the NFL, NBA, NHL and more.

If you’re a buyer, you’ll get seats sold by fans and verified by Ticketmaster — so getting in is 100% guaranteed. 

If you’re a seller, you’ll get secure payments and never have to deal with ticket delivery.

To check if you can sell your tickets, follow these steps:

Sign into your My Account.
Find your order in the My Tickets section and click See Details or in My Events on the app.
If the Sell Tickets button doesn’t appear, is grayed out or you receive a message that the Event Organizer hasn’t activated resale, your tickets aren’t eligible for resale.
Visit the FAQ How do I sell tickets? for more information.


-
Why is the price on my ticket different than what I paid?
Most tickets display the price you paid, but the tickets being resold by third-party sellers or other fans may state the original price.


-
Why is someone else's name on my ticket?
The name on the ticket is the name of the original purchaser. You’ll still be able to enter the event; it’s the barcode that’s needed for entrance. 
-
Third-Party Resale Tickets: Everything You Need to Know
We’re here to help you get into the events you’re most excited about — even if we’re not the primary ticket provider. So, we’ve listed resale tickets by trusted sellers within the safety of our platform. All third-party ticket sales are final unless the event is canceled.

Why has my delivery method changed?

Delivery methods are subject to change. You’ll be notified of any changes prior to delivery and refunded any applicable delivery charges upon fulfillment.

I haven’t received my tickets yet. What should I do?

Your tickets should be available by the date noted on your purchase confirmation email. If that date has passed and you haven’t received an email about your tickets being available, connect to Fan Support.

When buying third-party event tickets, you may be required to locate and accept the tickets on the website or app used by the original purchaser.

Why can't I see the seat numbers on my ticket order?

You’ll be able to view your seat numbers once your tickets are delivered. If you've purchased multiple seats, the numbers will all be shown together.

My name is not on my resale tickets. Can I still enter the event?

Yes, the name on the ticket is the name of the original purchaser. You’ll still be able to enter the event; it’s the barcode that’s needed for entrance. 

 

Mobile Entry Tickets for Third-Party Resale

PDF Tickets for Third-Party Resale

UPS Tickets for Third-Party Resale

 

Mobile Entry Tickets for Third-Party Resale
Once you’ve purchased your tickets, a trusted seller will transfer them directly to you from the original ticket provider’s app. As the original ticket provider is third-party, you’ll need to install their app and create an account to access your tickets.

When will my mobile tickets be available to view? 

It varies depending on the event. Once the seller transfers your tickets, you’ll receive an email from the original ticket provider and/or Ticketmaster. This email will notify you that your tickets are available and include instructions on how to view them. 

How do I view my tickets from the original ticket provider?  

Each ticket provider is unique, so we’ve put together some information for you on a few providers below: 

AXS

SeatGeek

MLB Ballpark

Paciolan

AXS  
Create an AXS account with the same email you used to purchase these tickets on Ticketmaster.
Claim your tickets in the email you received from AXS.
Install the AXS app before your event. Your phone is your ticket — use the app at entry to get in. 
SeatGeek
Select Accept Tickets in the email you received from SeatGeek.
Create a SeatGeek account with the same email you used to purchase these tickets on Ticketmaster.
Once you’re signed in, select Accept Transfer.
Install the SeatGeek app before your event. Your phone is your ticket — use the app at entry to get in.
MLB Ballpark
Select Accept Tickets in the email you received from MLB Ballpark.
Install the MLB Ballpark app.
Create an MLB Ballpark account with the same email you used to purchase these tickets on Ticketmaster.
Link your MLB Ballpark account with the home team’s ticketing account. A home team account was automatically created with your email when the transfer was sent.
View your tickets in the MLB Ballpark app once your accounts are linked. Your phone is your ticket — use the app at the gate for entry.
Paciolan
Select Accept Tickets in the email you received from the original ticket provider.
When prompted, enter the same email you used to purchase these tickets on Ticketmaster.
Create an account or sign into an existing account. The tickets will be in your shopping cart with a $0 balance.
To accept the tickets, select Checkout and then Place Your Order.
A link to your tickets will arrive in another email. Open the link to download your mobile tickets. Your phone is your ticket — you'll scan directly from it at entry.
What if my entire party isn't with me when I'm ready to enter?

To make it easier, you can transfer tickets to everyone in your group before the event. Here’s how:

Sign into the original ticket provider’s account and find the tickets for the event you want to transfer.
If available, select Transfer.
Choose the tickets you want to transfer.
Enter the recipient’s first and last name, email address, optional note and phone number.*
Confirm your ticket transfer.
*All recipients will need an account with the original ticket provider. If they don’t have an account, it’s easy to create one. Make sure they register with the same email that the tickets were transferred to.

PDF Tickets for Third-Party Resale
How do I view and download my PDF tickets?

Once your PDF tickets are available, you’ll receive an email from Ticketmaster with instructions on how to view them. You can access your PDF tickets in your My Account — they won’t be emailed to you. Your PDF tickets are either Mobile Entry or Print-at-Home, be sure to check which method is required to enter your event.

How to use each PDF ticket type:

Mobile Entry PDF tickets 
Sign into your account on the Live Nation app and tap View Tickets on your order. Your phone is your ticket — you'll scan directly from the app at entry to get in.
Print-at-Home PDF tickets
Use a desktop or mobile browser to sign into your My Account. Find your order under the My Tickets section. Click See Details and print your tickets. Remember, tickets can’t be printed from the Live Nation app.
UPS Tickets for Third-Party Resale
How are tickets shipped?

Tickets will be delivered via UPS. Your signature will not be required for delivery.

What are my delivery options, and how much does it cost?

Orders can take up to two days to process. Delivery times are based on which day the order is shipped rather than which day the order is placed. All delivery times are subject to availability in your delivery area. UPS does not deliver to P.O. Boxes, Army Post Office (APO) and Fleet Post Office (FPO) addresses.

U.S.

1 Business Day (Evening): $24.95
2 Business Day (Evening): $18.50
Canada

International - North America: $29.95 
Mexico/Other Countries

International - North America: $29.95
International: $39.95

How can I check my order status or track my order? 

If you’d like to check your order status, sign into your My Account, select your order and one of the following status updates will appear: 

In Progress
Your order is being processed. The screen will display the estimated date you’ll receive your order.
Completed
Your order has shipped. To track your package, simply select Track Package or visit UPS.com and enter the tracking number provided in the Ticket Delivery section.
I haven’t received my tickets via UPS by the date listed or within 48 hours of my event. What should I do?

Your tickets should be available and ready by the date noted on your purchase confirmation email. If that date has passed and you haven’t received an email about your tickets being available, connect with Fan Support.

How do I enter a shipping address for UPS delivery?

We’ll ship your tickets to the billing address used when you purchased your tickets. UPS will only accept shipments to a valid street address. UPS does not deliver to P.O. Boxes, Army Post Office (APO) and Fleet Post Office (FPO) addresses.

How do I change my shipping address for UPS delivery if it has already shipped?

Please contact us with the Fan Support as soon as possible with your order number and preferred shipping address. If possible, we’ll reroute the package to your preferred address in time for your event.

Visit our FAQ How do I use the Virtual Assistant? for instructions.

My event was canceled. How do I get a refund for classic hard stock tickets?

If your event is canceled and not rescheduled, you’ll need to send your tickets back to the Ticketmaster address below. We'd recommend you send them by Certified Mail or any carrier that provides proof of delivery. Once we receive the tickets, we’ll fully refund you for the tickets and reroute them to the seller so they can be refunded by the original ticket provider. 

Please send your printed tickets to:

Third-Party Resale Fan Support

[Event Name] Refund

1000 Corporate Landing

Charleston, WV 25311

Visit our Purchase Policy for more information"
Purchase Policy
Last updated: January 1, 2021

Our goal is to make your purchasing experience easy, efficient, and equitable, so we can get you on your way to live events as quickly as possible. The following policy is designed to ensure your satisfaction and understanding of the purchase process on our sites and mobile applications, including without limitation www.ticketmaster.com, www.livenation.com, www.ticketmaster.ca, and www.ticketexchangebyticketmaster.com (collectively, the “Site”). This Purchase Policy applies to any purchases on our Site made on or after January 1, 2021, including any primary ticket sales and ticket resale transactions, such as Fan-to-Fan. Please also review our Terms of Use, which govern your use of our Site, and your purchase, possession, or use of any Live Nation or Ticketmaster tickets, products, or services. If you have any questions, please contact us.

1.      Currency
2.      Payment Methods
3.      Who You Are Buying From
4.      Pricing and Availability
5.      Order Confirmation and Processing
6.      Service Fees, Order Processing Fees, Taxes, and Shipping Charges
7.      Number of Tickets or “Ticket Limits”
8.      Ticket Transfer
9.      Opening Acts / Festival Acts
10.    Canceled, Postponed, Rescheduled, and Moved Events
11.    Refunds, Credits, and Exchanges
12.    Special Refund Provisions Applying to Resale Ticket Purchases for Events in Illinois or New York
13.    Account, Order, and Billing Information Verification
14.    Delivery Options
15.    Pricing and Other Errors
16.    Multiple Browser Windows
17.    Limitation of Liability
18.    License; Ejection and Cancelation; No Redemption Value
19.    Recording, Transmission and Exhibition
20.    You Are Subject to Search
21.    Unlawful Resale of Tickets; Promotions

1. Currency
All ticket prices for events that occur in the United States are stated in U.S. Dollars. All ticket prices for events that occur in Canada are stated in Canadian Dollars.

2. Payment Methods
We accept several methods of payment to accommodate your needs, including (among others) American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and, for qualifying events, Ticketmaster and Live Nation gift cards and/or Ticketmaster Ticket Cash® and Live Nation Concert Cash®. 

3. Who You Are Buying From
We act as the agent to those who provide events, such as artists, venues, teams, fan clubs, promoters, and leagues (the “Event Organizer”). We generally sell tickets on behalf of the Event Organizer, though, in some rare instances, we may own a small number of tickets as part of our services contract with the Event Organizer. When you purchase a ticket for an event that is located in the United States, Ticketmaster LLC will be handling the transaction and collecting payment for the Event Organizer. When you purchase a ticket for an event that is located in Canada, Ticketmaster Canada Ltd. will be handling the transaction and collecting payment for the Event Organizer.

If you purchase a resale ticket through our Site, you will be purchasing that ticket from either (a) a reseller who is not an Event Organizer, such as other fans, season ticket holders, or professional resellers, or (b) in limited circumstances, the Event Organizer. Tickets that are obtained from unauthorized sources, and not directly through our Site, may be lost, stolen, or counterfeit, and, if so, are void.

4. Pricing and Availability
We sell tickets on behalf of Event Organizers, which means we do not set the ticket prices or determine seating locations. Event Organizers typically set the face price of their tickets. Tickets are generally sold through several distribution points, including websites, apps, and box offices. Most distribution points generally access the same ticketing system and inventory; therefore, tickets for popular events may sell out quickly. Occasionally, additional tickets may be available prior to the event. However, we do not control this inventory or its availability. Check out our FAQs section for more information on ticket availability.

Similarly, we facilitate third party ticket resale transactions, but do not set the ticket prices or determine seating locations of those resale tickets. Please be aware that resale tickets are often posted for sale on our site at prices that are higher than their original prices. THE PRICE THAT YOU PAY FOR RESALE TICKETS MAY THEREFORE BE SUBSTANTIALLY HIGHER THAN THE FACE VALUE PRINTED ON THE TICKETS.

Further, with respect to resale tickets purchased from the Site: Market prices are subject to change at any time prior to Order Confirmation, and we do not guarantee that you will be able to purchase the tickets for the prices shown on our Site, or that such tickets will be available, until Order Confirmation. We are not responsible for any typographical or system errors within the inventory listed for sale. If an error is found while processing your order, you will be notified of the error and a substitution will be made when available, at no additional cost, or we will issue a refund. Please check your tickets carefully once they arrive, and please contact us if you have any questions regarding the tickets you received. We may charge fulfillment, shipping, service, or other fees for using our services. We may change such fees at any time, including after you post your tickets.

5. Order Confirmation and Processing
Your order is confirmed when we send you a confirmation, in the form of a confirmation page or email (“Order Confirmation”).

If you do not receive an Order Confirmation after submitting payment information, or if you experience an error message or service interruption after submitting payment information, it is your responsibility to confirm via your account whether or not your order has been placed. Only you may be aware of any problems that may occur during the purchase process. We will not be responsible for losses (monetary or otherwise) if you assume that an order was not placed because you failed to receive confirmation.

With respect to resale ticket purchases from TicketExchangebyTicketmaster.com: Immediately after you submit your request for tickets, we will send you an email notifying you that we have received your request. This does not confirm ticket availability or prices. It only indicates that we have received your request for those tickets, and have begun the process of seeking to secure the requested tickets. Once the requested tickets have been secured by us, your credit card or other method of payment used at time of purchase will be charged, and we will send an Order Confirmation confirming that your request has been finalized, and that we have purchased the tickets on your behalf. You should also receive a copy of your invoice. In some instances, where the electronic ticket is not yet available, the delivery update acts as your confirmation until the ticket is delivered. Your order may be finalized even if you do not receive an Order Confirmation, finalized invoice, or updated status email from us. If you have not heard from us, or have only received a confirmation that we received your ticket request, please contact us to check on your order. NEVER make an assumption about the status of your order because you have not been contacted by us. Orders cannot be canceled due to problems with receipt of emails.

6. Service Fees, Order Processing Fees, Taxes, and Shipping Charges
Tickets purchased on our Site are typically subject to, among other possible fees, a per ticket service fee and a per order processing fee. In some instances, you may be able to purchase tickets directly from the venue box office without paying our service fee. We collect tax as required by state and local laws. We may display the tax separately or include it in the total service fee amount. In many cases, you may need to pay a shipping or delivery fee. Any shipping or delivery charges are calculated based on delivery location and shipping method. Please note that the delivery fee, as well as the order processing fee, may not reflect the actual cost to deliver or process your order, and in some cases, these fees may include a profit to Ticketmaster.

Resale tickets are also typically subject to a per ticket service fee and a per order processing fee. Per state and local laws, some resale tickets are subject to tax, which we either display separately or include in the total service fee amount. Service fees and order processing fees may be subject to change.

7. Number of Tickets or “Ticket Limits”
When purchasing tickets on our Site, you are limited to a specified number of tickets for each event (also known as a “ticket limit”). This ticket limit is posted during the purchase process and verified with every transaction. This policy is in effect to discourage unfair ticket buying practices. Each account must be linked to a unique individual, and must contain valid and verifiable information. Multiple accounts may not be used to circumvent or exceed published ticket limits. If you exceed or attempt to exceed the posted ticket limits, we reserve the right to cancel, without notice, any or all orders and tickets, in addition to prohibiting your ticket purchasing abilities. Any tickets canceled due to violating the posted ticket limit may be refunded at face value (excluding fees). This includes orders associated with the same name, e-mail address, billing address, credit card number, or other information.

8. Ticket Transfer
Ticket Transfer is a safe and easy way to transfer (send) tickets digitally to another person. If your tickets are eligible for transfer, you can send them to friend or family member from your online account. If you are a Ticket Transfer recipient, meaning someone you know and trust is transferring their tickets to you, you will be able to accept them in your online account. More information can be found in our Ticket Transfer FAQ.

Once a recipient accepts a Ticket Transfer, a new barcode is issued and the sender’s tickets are invalid. If a ticket has been transferred multiple times, only the ticket from the last transfer will be valid for event entry. All previous ticket barcodes will be invalidated.

The sender can modify or cancel a Ticket Transfer before the recipient accepts the transfer, not after. Please note that we may cancel transferred tickets, at any time, if we determine that they were obtained fraudulently or otherwise in violation of our policies; therefore, it is important that you know and trust the individual transferring tickets to you before accepting them.

Recipients can choose only Mobile or Print-at-Home delivery (if the event offers it). All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable. Ticket insurance will not apply to transferred tickets.

If an event is canceled, postponed, rescheduled or moved, and refunds are approved by the Event Organizer, only the original purchaser—i.e., the person who purchased the tickets at issue directly from our Site—will be eligible for any available refunds or credits.

For canceled events, the original purchaser will receive any available refund (or may take advantage of an optional credit offer, if available), and no additional action is needed from the recipient of the transferred tickets.

For postponed, rescheduled, or moved events, recipients of the transferred tickets will need to transfer the tickets back to the original purchaser in order for the original purchaser to take advantage of any available refund and/or credit options. Once the tickets have been transferred back to the original purchaser, the original purchaser will need to contact Fan Support to complete their request.

Please see the Canceled, Postponed, Rescheduled and Moved Events section, below, for more information on when refunds and/or credits may be available.

Please note that recipients of any transferred tickets are not eligible for any available refunds or credits, because the transfer recipient did not purchase tickets directly from our Site. If you purchased a resale ticket from some other source (i.e., not through our Site), and that ticket was then transferred to you, you will need to reach out to your original point of purchase for any refund and/or credit options, if available.

9. Opening Acts / Festival Acts
Opening acts, guests, or undercards (each an “Opening Act”) may sometimes tour with headlining performers. We are not always made aware of Opening Acts or the length of their performances. Opening Acts, as well as festival performers, are subject to change or cancelation at any time without notice. No refund will be owed if an Opening Act or festival performer is changed or canceled.

10. Canceled, Postponed, Rescheduled, and Moved Events
Occasionally, events are canceled, postponed, rescheduled to a different date or materially different time, or moved to a different venue:

If the event is canceled: no action is required to obtain a refund; we will issue a refund to the original method of payment used at time of purchase, once funds are received from the Event Organizer. In some cases, the Event Organizer may also give you the option to choose either a credit or a refund; if so, we will send you a notification explaining your options, and how to submit a request for a credit.

If you have sold your tickets for the canceled event through Ticketmaster.com, Ticketmaster.ca, or Livenation.com (i.e., you resold your tickets through one of those sites, and you’ve been paid for them), your credit card on file will be charged to refund the buyer of your tickets and, if successful, the tickets will be placed back on your account. Then, you’ll receive a refund for your original purchase (to the original method of payment used at the time of that purchase) once funds are received from the Event Organizer. No action is required for you to receive the refund. In some cases, the Event Organizer may also give you the option to choose either a credit or a refund; if so, we will send you a notification explaining your options, and how to submit a request for a credit.

If the event is postponed, rescheduled, or moved: your ticket(s) (including any additional add-ons or upgrades, such as parking) are still valid, and no further action is required. However, the Event Organizer may approve refunds, or the option to choose between a refund or a credit, for the event; any refund and/or credit policies are determined on an event-by-event basis by the Event Organizer, and may be subject to limitations set by the Event Organizer. If the Event Organizer approves refunds and/or credits, we will send you a notification explaining your options, and you may submit a request for a refund or credit. Alternatively, you may simply keep your ticket(s) to the postponed, rescheduled, or moved event.

If you have sold your tickets for the postponed, rescheduled, or moved event through Ticketmaster.com, Ticketmaster.ca, or Livenation.com (i.e., you resold your tickets through one of those sites, and you’ve been paid for them), your tickets will be returned to your account if: (1) the Event Organizer has authorized refunds, and (2) the buyer has requested a refund. Should this occur, your credit card will be charged to refund the fan who purchased your tickets. If successful, the tickets will be placed back on your account, and you may have the option to request a refund or credit, keep your tickets for the event, or, if available, repost your tickets for sale. Please note that any refund and/or credit policies are determined on an event-by-event basis by the Event Organizer, and may be subject to limitations set by the Event Organizer.

If your event is canceled, postponed, rescheduled, or moved, we will attempt to contact you to update you on the status of the event, and inform you of any refund, credit, or exchange procedures. For exact instructions on any particular canceled, postponed, rescheduled, or moved event, please check the event information online and in your account (which will include the most current information on the status of the event), or contact us.

We will not be liable for travel or any other expenses that you or anyone else incurs in connection with a canceled, postponed, rescheduled, or moved event.

Special note about tickets purchased from TicketExchangebyTicketmaster.com: As we are not able to recover our costs on the tickets that we acquired for you, we are unable to offer customers refunds on postponed, rescheduled, or moved events (with limited exceptions, to be determined by the Event Organizer on an event-by event basis).

Special note about tickets purchased for Major League Baseball games and the US Open: All event refund, credit, and/or exchange policies for MLB games and the US Open—including for canceled, postponed, rescheduled, or moved events—are subject to polices set for by the Event Organizer, and are determined on an event-by-event basis by the Event Organizer.

Special note about hard stock, third-party resale tickets: If you purchased hard stock, third-party resale tickets from our Site, and those tickets were sent to you via expedited delivery, they must be returned to us (at the address below) before we can process your refund. We recommend that you send the tickets via certified mail or any carrier that provides proof of delivery. Once we receive the tickets, we’ll reroute them to the seller so they can be refunded by the original ticket provider. Please send your printed tickets to:

Third-Party Resale Fan Support
[Event Name] Refund
1000 Corporate Landing
Charleston, WV 25311

11. Refunds, Credits, and Exchanges
All sales are final and refunds are only allowed in limited circumstances, as explained in this section and the Canceled, Postponed, Rescheduled and Moved Events section above. Before purchasing tickets, carefully review your event and seat selection. Policies set forth by Event Organizers generally prohibit us from issuing exchanges or refunds after a ticket has been purchased, or for lost, stolen, damaged, or destroyed tickets. Tickets therefore cannot be replaced if they are lost, stolen, or damaged.

Refunds. If your event is eligible for refunds and funds have been received from the Event Organizer, we will issue a refund of the ticket price you paid (or, for a discounted ticket, then instead the discounted ticket price paid), any service fees, and any additional add-ons or upgrades (such as parking). In no event will expedited shipping charges, merchandise purchases, Fan Club membership fees, or any other amounts be refunded.

If a refund is issued, it will be processed to the original method of payment used at time of purchase. We cannot issue a refund to a different credit or debit card (this includes refund requests made through the self-service option). If your credit card or debit card number has changed, but is for the same account (e.g., a new card has been issued for the same account), the refund will be processed to that account.

For any ticket insurance refunds, please contact the insurance provider.

Please note that seating maps are representative of a venue’s layout; however, they are subject to change at any time, and refunds are not allowed if the seating map is updated, if additional seats / rows are added, or if seats change as a result of a venue change after purchase.

We may occasionally offer tickets at a discount after the original on-sale date, and will not refund the difference between the original price and the sale price. In addition, there are no refunds, returns, or exchanges for digital downloads or hotel / festival packages.

If there is an account, or accounts, that have outstanding balances owed to Ticketmaster, Ticketmaster reserves the right to hold any and all refunds for said accounts until such time as no outstanding balances remain.

Credits. The Event Organizer may provide the option to request a credit for canceled, postponed, rescheduled, or moved events; if so, we will send you a notification, and you can submit a request for credit in your account. Credits are provided by the Event Organizer, and not by Ticketmaster. Credits may be applied toward the purchase of eligible event tickets and ancillary purchases (such as parking) at the same venue (or, in some cases, at one of a number of venues designated by the Event Organizer) during the timeframe specified by the Event Organizer. Credits cannot be used for resale tickets, third-party tickets, ticket insurance, or gift cards. The Event Organizer will determine which future events, venues, and ancillary purchases are eligible, as well as the amount of the credit (including any potential promotional amount). The amount of the credit will always include at least 100% of the price of the original ticket(s), plus fees and taxes. The amount of the credit will not include any additional add-ons or upgrades included in your original purchase (such as parking), which will be refunded to your original method of payment used at time of purchase. Once you’ve requested to receive credit and we’ve verified your order is eligible for credit, we’ll send you a credit code which you can use for eligible purchases, along with instructions for redeeming that credit. Please note that credits typically have an expiration date, and must be used before that date. The email that you received with your credit code will contain the expiration date for your credit; you can also find the expiration date in your online account, under “Gift Cards & Codes.”

Credits are non-transferable, may not be sold, are not redeemable for cash, and may not be combined with other promotions. Credits may not be applied to previously placed orders and may not be redeemed to purchase tickets for the same event as the tickets in your original purchase for which you accepted the credit.

Please note that, if the Event Organizer offers you a choice of either a refund or a credit, you cannot get a partial refund; whatever selection you make (i.e., refund or credit) will apply to your entire order, and cannot be split between refund and credit. Any and all requests for a refund or credit are final and cannot be changed once initiated.

For more information on refunds or credits for events that were canceled, postponed, rescheduled, or moved due to the COVID-19 pandemic, please see the Terms Regarding Certain Canceled, Rescheduled and Postponed Events (COVID-19).

Exchanges. For many events, certain tickets may be exchanged for tickets from us of equal or higher price. A per ticket exchange fee may apply. Exchanges are not available for: (a) tickets purchased through resale, (b) VIP and other premium tickets, or (c) tickets purchased with additional related items and/or bundled products, or (d) tickets for events that are less than 24 hours away.

Merchandise. All merchandise purchases are final, and in no event will there be refunds, exchanges, or credits for merchandise purchases.

Chargebacks and Other Refund Prohibitions. You agree that you will not attempt to evade, avoid, or circumvent any refund prohibitions in any manner with regard to tickets you purchased. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you will not contact us to seek a refund or exchange from us when we are prohibited from providing one by the Event Organizer, and you will not dispute or otherwise seek a “chargeback” from the company whose credit card or other method of payment you used to purchase tickets from the Site. Should you do so, your tickets are subject to immediate cancelation, and we may, in our sole discretion, refuse to honor pending and future ticket purchases made from all credit card accounts or online accounts on which such chargebacks have been made, and may prohibit future purchases from all persons in whose name the credit card accounts exist, and from any person who accesses any associated online account or credit card or who otherwise breaches this provision from using the Site.

Special note about resale tickets purchased from TicketExchangebyTicketmaster.com: except for canceled events (as explained in Canceled, Postponed, Rescheduled and Moved Events, above), there are no refunds, exchanges, or cancelations once a request is submitted to us. This policy is in place because, when you place your ticket request on TicketExchangebyTicketmaster.com, we attempt to secure and acquire those tickets for you from a ticket seller and are not able to recover our costs. To be clear: if we have provided you with an Order Confirmation email for your TicketExchange purchase, even though you may have not received your requested tickets, we have already committed to acquiring and securing those tickets for you. Please order tickets only after you are certain you want them.

12. Special Refund Provisions Applying to Resale Ticket Purchases for Events in Illinois or New York
The following applies only to resale tickets to Illinois events: If you purchase resale tickets to an event located in Illinois, you will receive a refund of the amount you paid for that resale ticket if: (a) the ticketed event is canceled (in which case you will not receive a refund of any shipping or delivery fees); (b) that ticket does not allow you to enter the ticketed event for reasons that may include, without limitation, that the ticket is counterfeit or has been canceled by the issuer due to non-payment, unless the ticket is canceled due to an act or omission by you; (c) the ticket fails to conform to its listing description; or (d) you failed to receive that ticket.

The following applies only to resale tickets to New York events: If you purchase a resale ticket to an event located in New York, you will receive a refund of the amount you paid for that resale ticket if: (a) the ticketed event is canceled (in which case you will not receive a refund of any shipping or delivery fees); (b) that ticket does not allow you to enter the ticketed event for reasons that may include, without limitation, that the ticket is counterfeit or has been canceled by the issuer due to non-payment, or that the event described on the ticket was canceled for any reason prior to purchase of the resold ticket, unless the ticket is canceled due to an act or omission by you; or (c) that ticket fails to conform to its listing description, unless you have pre-approved a substitution of tickets.

13. Account, Order, and Billing Information Verification
All information on accounts and orders must be valid and are subject to verification. Orders are subject to credit card approval, and are processed only after the billing address associated with your credit card and other billing information have been verified. Orders that are placed, or attempted to be placed, using an account with any information that is found to be false, misleading, incorrect, or incomplete, or that cannot be verified as belonging to the account holder—such as name, address, email address, phone number, IP address, or other account or billing information—are subject to cancelation, at any time. Furthermore, if your order is canceled for any of the foregoing reasons, we may sell your tickets to another customer without further notice.

14. Delivery Options
Different combinations of delivery methods may be offered, depending on a number of factors—including (but not limited to) the venue or country where the event is to be held, the country in which you live, whether the event is in person or virtual, how much time is left before the event starts, whether it is a holiday season, and the nature of the demand for the event. Delivery options are determined by the Event Provider and can vary from event to event. Please carefully review the list of delivery methods offered during the purchase process. For security purposes, we can only ship tickets to the billing address on file with the method of payment that is used for your purchase.

Generally, some of the following delivery methods may be offered:

Mobile - for events that occur in the United States or Canada.

US Mail - for events that occur in the United States or Canada, but only if you place your ticket order such that there is enough time for you to receive the tickets (which will be shipped via USPS First Class Mail) prior to the date of the event. For this reason, we don’t offer US Mail delivery within 10 days of an event date. If the event is in the United States, then you will only be able to use this delivery method if you have a United States or Canadian billing address.

Print-at-Home - for events that occur in the United States or Canada.

Will Call - for events that occur in the United States or Canada.

Courier Delivery - for events that occur in Canada, but only for purchasers who use a Canadian billing address.

Expedited Delivery - for events that occur in the United States, but only for purchasers who use a United States billing address.

Shipping to APO/FPO Addresses - for events that occur in the United States, tickets can be delivered to an Armed Forces billing address via US mail. You may also choose other delivery options available for your event. Orders shipped via expedited delivery cannot be delivered to a P.O. Box or APO/FPO address.

Special note about delivery of tickets purchased from TicketExchangebyTicketmaster.com: TicketExchange offer two types of ticket listings: (a) tickets that are marked as available for instant delivery (typically emailed within minutes of placing your order); and (b) tickets that are owned by the reseller, but that are not available for immediate delivery (a specific delivery date is noted in the listing).

15. Pricing and Other Errors
If the amount you pay for a ticket is incorrect (regardless of whether it is incorrect because of an error in a price posted on the Site or otherwise communicated to you), if you are able to order a ticket before its scheduled on-sale or presale date, or if you are able to order a ticket that was not supposed to have been released for sale, then we will have the right to cancel that ticket (or the order for that ticket) and refund to you the amount that you paid. This will apply regardless of whether the error occurred because of human error or a transactional malfunction of the Site or other Ticketmaster operated system. We will not be liable for travel or any other expenses that you, or anyone else, incurs in connection with errors of this nature. If a refund is processed in error, or a refund exceeds the original amount paid, we reserve the right to recharge the original method of payment used at time of purchase.

16. Multiple Browser Windows
When ordering tickets online with us, please ensure you are looking for tickets and placing an order using only one browser window. Looking up tickets using multiple browser windows could result in losing your tickets, errors occurring during the purchase process, or timer expiration.

17. Limitation of Liability
Balls, pucks, and other objects may fly into the spectator area during an event. Despite spectator shielding, injury can occur. Stay alert at all times before, during, and after play or performance. If struck, immediately ask an usher for directions to a medical station. You voluntarily assume all risks and danger incidental to the event for which the ticket is issued, whether occurring before, during or after the event, and you waive any claims for personal injury or death against us, management, facilities, leagues, artists, other participants, and all of our respective parents, affiliated entities, agents, officers, directors, owners, and employees on behalf of yourself and any accompanying minor. You bear all risks of inclement weather. Event date and time are subject to change. Please see the Limitation of Liability section in the Terms of Use for additional limits on our liability.

You assume all risks, hazards, and dangers arising from or relating in any way to the risk of contracting a communicable disease or illness—including, without limitation, exposure to COVID-19 or any other bacteria, virus, or other pathogen capable of causing a communicable disease or illness, whether that exposure occurs before, during, or after the event, and regardless of how caused or contracted—and you hereby waive any and all claims and potential claims against Ticketmaster, Live Nation, and the Event Organizer—and against any companies affiliated with Ticketmaster, Live Nation, or the Event Organizer—relating to such risks, hazards, and dangers.

18. License; Ejection and Cancelation; No Redemption Value
You agree to comply with all of the Event Organizer’s applicable rules, policies, terms, and conditions (“Event Organizer Rules”). The Event Organizer reserves the right, without refund of any amount paid, to refuse admission to, or eject, any person whose conduct management deems disorderly, who uses vulgar or abusive language, or who fails to comply with Event Organizer Rules. Breach of terms or rules will terminate your license to attend the event without refund. A ticket is a revocable license and admission may be refused. A ticket is not redeemable for cash.

19. Recording, Transmission and Exhibition
You agree that the event for which you purchase tickets is a public event, that your appearance and actions inside and outside the venue where the event occurs are public in nature, and that you have no expectation of privacy with regard to your actions or conduct at the event. You grant permission to us, the Event Organizer(s), our partners, licensees and assigns, including but not limited to our brand and media partners, to utilize your name, image, likeness, acts, poses, plays, appearance, movements, and statements in any live or recorded audio, video, or photographic display or other transmission, exhibition, publication or reproduction made of, or at, the event (regardless of whether before, during or after play or performance) for any purpose, in any manner, in any medium or context now known or hereafter developed, without further authorization from, or compensation to, you or anyone acting on your behalf. In the case of virtual events, you may view the virtual event solely for your own personal purpose. You may not record, copy, publicly exhibit, transmit, or distribute any virtual event through any means, resell views of any virtual event, or allow others to log into your account for the purpose of watching a virtual event.

20. You Are Subject to Search
You and your belongings may be searched on entry to the event. You consent to such searches and waive any related claims that may arise. If you elect not to consent to such searches, you may be denied entry to the event without refund or other compensation. Under certain facility rules, certain items may not be brought into the premises, including without limitation: firearms, alcohol, drugs, controlled substances, cameras, recording devices, laser pointers, strobe lights, irritants (e.g., artificial noisemakers), bundles and containers.

21. Unlawful Resale of Tickets; Promotions
Unlawful resale (or attempted unlawful resale) of tickets, including but not limited to counterfeit or copy of tickets, is grounds for seizure and cancelation without compensation. Certain maximum resale premiums and restrictions may apply in some states, and we cannot be responsible for providing legal advice regarding resale or pricing of tickets. You are responsible for complying with all applicable ticket resale laws. In addition, we reserve the right to restrict or deny ticket purchasing privileges to anyone that we determine to be, or to have been, in violation of our policies. Because we do not guarantee the authenticity of tickets purchased from any non-authorized third party reseller (such as brokers or individuals), we recommend that you purchase tickets directly through us, through authorized partners, or from the venue box office to ensure ticket authenticity. Tickets may not be used for advertising, promotions, contests, or sweepstakes, unless formal written authorization is given by us.

"


-
How can I tell if an event includes Fan-to-Fan resale tickets?
Our interactive seat maps will display the pink resale logo with two circling arrows on seats that are being sold by other fans.

-
How are resale tickets delivered?
We typically provide you with the Mobile Entry or Print-at-Home option for your resale ticket — both free and convenient options. If you purchased a third-party event ticket, delivery methods and fees may vary.

Visit the FAQ Third-Party Resale Tickets: Everything You Need to Know for more information on third-party tickets.


-
NY Registered Brokers
Ticketmaster has taken steps to facilitate online reseller compliance with the modified resale license disclosure requirements of New York State Senate Bill S.8501-B.

Brokerage Name	License #
Allshows	72AL1001183
Anytickets.com	72EV1001657
ASC TICKET CO LLC	72AS1001762
Broadway Pass Inc.	71BR1001690
Center Aisle Tickets LLC	72CE1001401
DTI	72DT1001804
Eventvest, Inc (Ticket Galaxy)	71EV1001747
FFT	71FA1001451
First Fan Tickets LLC	72FI1001745
First Hand Tickets	71F11001634
Get in Tickets LLC	72GE1001625
Hottickets	71H01001809
Inseats	71BL1001314
Invenstory Inc.	71IN1001734
J.A.J	74J 1001550
JAL Enterprises LLC	72JA1001580
Line Jumper Tickets Inc	77LI1001320
Ludlow & Friends	77LU1001712
No Fee Seats LLC	72O1001563
Prolific 1	71EV1001931
Reserve One Hospitality	72RE1001454
S4K Entertainment LLC	72S41001827
Salem Seats, LLC	725A1001482
Select A Ticket, Inc.	71SE1001831
Ticket for Less LLC - Kansas	72TI1001806
Worldwide Inc.	71WO1001566
-
What is a delivery delay?
A delivery delay is a period of time between the purchase and access to a ticket. Event Organizers use it to prevent tickets from being accessed until we can confirm everyone has adhered to the event ticket limit and didn’t use unfair ticket technology to buy in bulk.

If your order has a delivery delay, the tickets won’t be shipped and mobile ticket barcodes won’t be available until the delivery delay has been removed.

Delivery information is provided within your purchase confirmation email, on your order in My Account or on the event page. If you haven’t received your tickets or can't see a ticket barcode two days before the event, please contact Fan Support.


-
How are tickets delivered?
Electronic Tickets
(eTickets)	
An electronic ticket (eTicket) can be a Mobile Entry or Print-at-Home ticket. Sign into your My Account to find and access your eTicket. There can be a delay in accessing your ticket, but it will be available before your event.

Mobile Entry	
Having a Mobile Entry ticket is the easiest and safest way to access events.

If the event is Mobile only or you selected Mobile Entry at the checkout, then don’t forget your phone — it’s your ticket and way into the event. Mobile tickets cannot be printed.

Mobile Entry isn’t available for all events so check your online account or download our app to manage your tickets all in one place! (Available in the U.S. and Canada)

We suggest adding your ticket to your phone’s wallet feature if you can, just in case you have internet issues at the gate.

Print-at-Home	
If you’d like to print your tickets, sign into your My Account, locate your order on the Event Details page, click View Tickets and then print your tickets. At the moment, you can’t print from the app.

If you placed your order over the phone, and you chose to have your tickets emailed to you. Your tickets will be in your inbox as a PDF attachment.

When you select Print-at-Home, make sure you have your tickets printed before for your event.

US Mail	
You’ll get your tickets within 10-14 business days.

Tickets are printed within seven days of purchase and shipped via USPS First Class Mail. Once they’ve been printed, we’ll email to let you know they’re on their way. They should arrive to you within seven business days of printing. Sometimes it may take a little longer to print and ship if the Event Organizer has set a delivery delay on your event.

Will Call	
To collect tickets held at Will Call, the cardholder needs to have the credit card used for purchase and a valid photo ID with a signature (state ID, driver's license, or passport).

UPS Standard Tickets	
If you choose UPS for your ticket delivery, you can pick from two or three-day shipping. You can’t get tickets shipped through UPS to a PO Box or APO/FPO address, nor will your tickets be emailed. (Available in the U.S. only)

UPS Resale Tickets	
If you choose UPS for your resale ticket delivery, you can pick from two-day or three-day shipping. But you can’t get tickets shipped to a PO Box or APO/FPO address. Your tickets won’t be emailed to you as well, just posted. (Available in the U.S., Canada and International Countries)

Ticket Transfer	
If you receive your tickets through our Ticket Transfer feature, you'll receive an email with instructions letting you know how to accept your tickets. From the email, click on the Accept Tickets button and sign into your Ticketmaster account. If you don’t have one, you’ll need to create one to accept your tickets.

To claim your tickets, the email address used for the ticket transfer must match the email address on your Ticketmaster account.

We always suggest practicing safe ticket shopping and management. If tickets have been sent to you, we recommend that you know and trust the person transferring to you. If the tickets were obtained fraudulently by the person transferring them, they may be canceled at any time.

Delivery Delay	
Some performers, teams and venues release their tickets with a delivery delay to make sure no one has ordered more than their allotted number of tickets with the use of unfair technology. This prevents tickets from being accessed until we can confirm everyone has adhered to the ticket limits and didn’t use unfair ticket technology. 

Delivery information will be provided within your purchase confirmation email, on your order in My Account or on the event page. If you haven't received your tickets two days (48 hours) before the event, connect to Fan Support.


-
Can I change how my tickets are delivered?
For some events, delivery changes may be available but not for Resale tickets.

To change your delivery method, follow these steps:

Sign into your My Account.
Find your order in the My Tickets section and click See Details or in My Events on the app.
Under Ticket Delivery, click Change to view alternate delivery options.
If you don’t see an option to change the delivery method, the Event Organizer isn’t allowing delivery changes for your event.


-
How do I print tickets I bought online?
If you have Mobile Entry tickets, you won’t be able to print them from your online account, nor can they be emailed. You can visit the FAQ What is Mobile Entry? for more information. 

If you chose Print-at-Home as your delivery method, follow these steps:

Sign into your My Account on Livenation.com (desktop/mobile web).
Find your order in the My Tickets section and click See Details.
When they’re ready to print, the Print Tickets button will appear.
Click Print Tickets and confirm your account by entering the code we emailed you. You’ll need Adobe Reader to print your tickets, which you can quickly download from this Adobe webpage.
Print your tickets and you’re set! 
Your tickets can’t be printed if you bought your tickets over the phone, no Print Tickets button appears, or from the app.


-
Can someone else get in with tickets that have my name on them?
Yes — including the tickets you print at home that show your name. But you can also look for a Transfer Tickets button on your order in My Account to see if Ticket Transfer is available.


-
How do I change my email address for a Print-at-Home order?
If you’d like to change the email address that your Print-at-Home tickets will be sent to, contact Fan Support. You’ll be asked to enter some information and provide your new email address. A Fan Support representative will update the address, arrange to resend your tickets and send you a confirmation email. In most cases, your new tickets will be emailed to you within two hours.


-
What is Print-at-Home?
The Print-at-Home delivery method allows you to print your tickets. When your tickets are ready, locate the Print Tickets button on your order. Mobile Entry tickets can’t be printed from your online account or emailed to you.

Visit the FAQ How do I print tickets I bought online? for step-by-step instructions.


-
Can I print more than one copy of my ticket?
Yes, if your ticket is a PDF. 

However, someone else could end up sitting in your seat if they arrive there first with a copy of your ticket. Whichever ticket gets used first will alert the system to show that the ticket has already been scanned.

If there's a dispute, your name and the last four digits of your credit card are on your tickets and can help you confirm that the tickets belong to you.


-
Where do I pick up will call tickets?
You’ll pick up your tickets from the will call window which is usually near the venue's main entrance. They’re typically available an hour before the event.

To collect your tickets, you'll need to bring these with you:

Photo ID
Order number
The credit card you used to buy the tickets
If you’d prefer to pick up your tickets before the day of the event, you should contact the venue for box office rules and hours.


-
Can someone else pick up and get in with my will call tickets?
It depends on the venue. Many venues let you designate an alternate name for will call pickup. It may require that person to present a photo ID, the order number and a photocopy of the front and back of the credit card you used to buy the tickets. To be safe, block out everything but the last four digits of your account number.

To arrange an alternate pickup, please contact Fan Support.


-
My tickets are at Will Call, but I don’t have my credit card. What should I do?
Here’s a few options if you no longer have the card used to purchase your tickets:

If you’ve lost your credit card, you’ll need a billing statement with the credit card number on it, your photo ID and the order number.
If your credit card has been stolen, you can use the police report instead of a billing statement if needed.
If you purchased your tickets with a debit card, please take your receipt and picture ID to the will call window.
In all scenarios, the photo ID must match the name on the order.


-
I haven't received my tickets in the mail yet. What should I do?
Our goal is for you to have your tickets in your mailbox 10-14 business days after you make the purchase.

Tickets are printed within seven days of purchase and shipped via USPS First Class Mail. Once printed, we’ll email you to let you know they are on their way. Your tickets should arrive no later than seven business days after they’ve been printed. But, if there’s a delivery delay on your event, tickets may take longer to print and ship.

If it's two days or less before your event and you're still waiting for your tickets, contact Fan Support. We'll make sure you can pick them up at the venue's will call window at no extra charge. The tickets will have brand new barcodes, so even if your old tickets are delivered to you, they won’t grant you entry into the event after we’ve made the change in delivery method.


-
Do my tickets have to be delivered to my billing address?
We only ship tickets to the billing address that’s on file for the credit card you used at the time of purchase. You may be able to use Print-at-Home or pick the tickets up at the venue's will call window. Your options will vary depending on your event.

If you've already bought your tickets and want to change your delivery option, contact Fan Support.


-
How do I track tickets sent by mail?
Tracking is unavailable for tickets shipped via US Mail (USPS First Class). However, we’ll send you a confirmation email when your tickets have been printed and shipped. Tickets are printed within seven days of purchase and shipped via US Mail (USPS First Class). Tickets should arrive no later than seven business days after they’ve been printed. Tickets may take longer to print and ship if there is a delivery delay on your event.

If you chose UPS as your delivery method, review the FAQ UPS delivery information (U. S. events) for more information.


-
I haven’t received my tickets from UPS. What should I do?
Once tickets are printed and shipped, you can track your shipment by visiting ups.com and entering your order’s Ticketmaster confirmation number (ex: 1-23456/FLO) in the Reference Number field.

If you can't track your ticket order at ups.com or your tickets haven’t been printed yet, contact Fan Support.


-
UPS delivery information (U. S. events)
UPS allows you to receive tickets to U.S. events if you have a U.S. billing address. UPS can only be used for events that occur in the United States, and cannot be used to send you tickets if you do not have a physical United States billing address. UPS packages are sent only to your verified billing address in the U.S. and cannot be sent to Canada or to any other country. Please review the UPS delivery schedule to see when you can expect your tickets to arrive. UPS will not deliver on Sundays or holidays. UPS may require that an adult be present to sign for a package, and if no one can sign for a package then UPS may leave a notice of delivery card notifying you of another delivery date or of a place where you may go to collect your package.

We are sorry, but we cannot deliver tickets to P.O. Boxes or APO/FPO addresses, via UPS. If you have a P.O. Box or APO/FPO billing address, please select another delivery option.

If you have selected UPS as the delivery method for your tickets, once your order has been shipped, you may visit UPS.COM  to track your order.  Please use your entire Live Nation order number as the UPS Reference number.(ex: 1-23456/FLO)

Delivery Type
if ordered on	3 Day Business (Evening)
$14.50
tickets will arrive	2 Day Business (Evening)
$18.50
tickets will arrive
Monday	Thursday Evening	Wednesday Evening
Tuesday	Friday Evening	Thursday Evening
Wednesday	Monday Evening	Friday Evening
Thursday	Tuesday Evening	Monday Evening
Friday	Wednesday Evening	Tuesday Evening
Saturday	Wednesday Evening	Tuesday Evening
Sunday	Wednesday Evening	Tuesday Evening
If you have not received your tickets and your event is less than 48 hours away, please Contact Us.


-
US mail/Canadian mail time frame
Events in the United States
If the event is in the United States and you select US Mail as your delivery method, then the United States Postal Service will be used. Tickets sent via USPS can be sent only to the verified billing address within the U.S. or Canada. If your billing address is outside of the United States and Canada, please click here. Please allow 10-14 business days for delivery. Tickets are printed within 7 days of purchase and shipped via USPS First Class Mail. Once printed, we will email to let you know they are on their way.  Tickets should arrive no later than 7 business days after they’ve been printed. Please note, tickets may take longer to print and ship if there is a delivery delay on your event. In some cases, such as if the tickets are being shipped to you in Canada or if the event is in the distant future, it may take longer. 

Events in Canada
If the event is in Canada and you select Mail as your delivery method, then Canada Post will be used. Tickets sent via Canada Post can be sent only to the verified billing address. Please allow at least 14 business days after your order is made to receive your tickets. Your tickets will be printed within 7 days of purchase and shipped. Once printed, we will email to let you know they are on their way.  Tickets should arrive no later than 7 business days after they’ve been printed. Please note, tickets may take longer to print and ship if there is a delivery delay on your event. In some cases, such as if the tickets are being shipped to you in a country outside of Canada or if the event is in the distant future, it may take longer. If you don't receive your tickets within 3 business days of the event, please contact Fan Support.


-
Courier delivery information (Canadian events)
Xpresspost for Events Occurring in Canada (Canadian PO BOXES, RURAL ROUTES, GENERAL DELIVERY ADDRESSES)
Xpresspost allows you to receive tickets to Canadian events if you have a Canadian billing address. Xpresspost can only be used for events that occur in Canada. Xpresspost packages are sent only to your verified billing address in Canada and cannot be sent to the United States or to any other country. Couriered orders are delivered between the hours of 8:30 am and 5:00 pm Monday through Friday only, and not on holidays. An adult must be present to sign for the ticket order. In the event no adult is available or there is no one home at time of delivery, a notice of delivery card will be left to inform customers that a courier item is awaiting pickup from their local post office. If you have not received your tickets and your event is less than two business days away, please contact Canadian customer service.

UPS for Events Occurring in Canada (Canadian and American RESIDENTIAL & BUSINESS STREET ADDRESSES)
UPS allows you to receive tickets to Canadian events if you have a Canadian or United States RESIDENTAL or BUSINESS billing address. UPS can only be used for events that occur in Canada and the United States, and cannot be used to send you tickets if you do not have a United States or Canadian billing address. UPS packages are sent only to your verified billing address in the United States and Canada and cannot be sent to PO BOX or other types of RURAL addresses in Canada and the USA. At present UPS service is not available for other countries. UPS orders are delivered between the hours of 8:30 am and 5:00 pm Monday through Friday only, and not on holidays. An adult must be present to sign for the ticket order. In the event no adult is available or there is no one home at time of delivery, a notice of delivery card will be left to inform customers that a UPS item is awaiting pickup from their local UPS depot. We cannot deliver tickets to P.O. Boxes or Rural Route addresses via UPS. If you have a PO Box or Rural Route address, please select another delivery option. If you have not received your tickets and your event is less than two business days away, please contact Canadian customer service

IMPORTANT: All shipments within UPS's direct service area are delivered to the recipient's physical address, but not necessarily to the recipient personally. In accordance with recipient's instructions, intra-Canada commercial packages can be left at designated locations without obtaining a signature. Intra-Canada residential packages may be released without obtaining a signature. The foregoing is true even if such packages are subject to a Signature Required Waiver and Agreement and/or have a "Signature Required" sticker affixed thereto.


-
Can I ship my order to an APO/FPO billing address?
For events that occur in the United States, tickets can be delivered to an Armed Forces billing address via USPS 1st Class Mail by choosing US Mail as your delivery method. You may also choose Mobile delivery or to pick up your tickets at Will Call, provided that these delivery options are available for your event. Orders shipped via UPS cannot be delivered to a PO Box or APO/FPO address.

To fill in your billing address, follow these steps:

On the billing page during checkout (or if you store your billing information in advance in your My Account), simply fill out the fields designated by Name, Phone and Credit Card fields with your information.
In the Address 1 field, enter the station or unit number (e.g. “USCGC Hamilton” or “PSC 802 Box 74”).
In the City field enter APO or FPO.
From the State dropdown menu, select one of the following locations:
Armed Forces Americas
Armed Forces Other
Armed Forces Pacific
Complete the form and submit your order.

-
How do I add tickets to a digital wallet?
To avoid issues with internet connectivity, you can easily add your tickets to a digital wallet to ensure that you're ready to enter your next event.

Add tickets to your Apple Wallet:

 In the Live Nation app, sign into your My Account.
Tap My Events to locate your order.
Tap your order to view tickets.
Tap on Add to Apple Wallet.
You'll find your tickets in the digital wallet app. When you arrive at your event, locate your tickets and hold them to the scanner.

Add tickets to your Google Pay app:

In the Live Nation app, sign into your My Account.
Tap My Events to locate your order.
Tap your order to view tickets.
Tap the Save to Google Pay button.
You'll find your tickets in the Google Pay app. When you arrive at your event, tap Pay contactless or Set up contactless. Swipe up from the bottom of the screen and tap your event to view your ticket.

Fans with an Android device can review How do I use Google Pay for event entry? for more information.

Adding tickets to a digital wallet is optional and not necessary to gain entry. Barcodes aren’t displayed when tickets are added to your wallet. 

If you’re experiencing issues adding tickets to your digital wallet, you can access your tickets from the Live Nation app or by going to Livenation.com on your mobile browser.
-
My ticket isn't working in my Apple Wallet. What should I do?
If you’re seeing Pass Disabled when trying to access your Ticketmaster tickets in your Apple Wallet it may be for one of the following reasons:

You may have purchased a ticket from a third-party platform that wasn’t transferred correctly.
You may not be using the latest version of iOS 16.4 and the latest version of the Ticketmaster app.
Your phone may not support the latest iOS which is required to add tickets to your wallet.
Follow these steps to re-add them:

Head to the Ticketmaster app to find your ticket. 
Ensure you’ve upgraded your phone to iOS 16.4 or above and you’re using the latest version of our app.
Once you’re on the latest version of each, press the add-to-wallet button.
Verify your Apple ID, and you’ll be ready to go!
You can also use the rotating barcode from your My Account to get into your event. If you can’t view your ticket in your Ticketmaster app or view the rotating entry token, please contact the seller you purchased your ticket from.
-
The Newest Way to Use Your Mobile Ticket
Using our newest ticket technology, Ticketmaster’s mobile ticket makes safe and secure entry to events a priority. This reduces the risk of ticket fraud from stolen or counterfeit tickets — providing peace of mind from the moment of purchase to the day you go to your live event.

Some things to know about these enhanced tickets

When you attend events, you’ll need to display your tickets on your mobile phone. Your barcode automatically updates every few seconds, so you can’t use screenshots or print outs.

This might be a little different than what you’re used to, so we have a couple tips to help you get ready.

Nervous about the cell phone service or wifi at venues? This ticket has you covered. When you view it in the Ticketmaster app, your ticket will be automatically saved, so it’s always ready.
Phone battery issues, cracked screen, or not using a smart device? No problem. Simply visit the venue box office on arrival for assistance. You’ll need your ID and order number handy. 
Meeting people there?

If you bought tickets for a group, our simple Ticket Transfer feature makes it easier than ever to go to events with family and friends. Skip the hassle of a meeting spot and visit Ticketmaster to send tickets to everyone in just a few taps.

Can I use a screenshot of my mobile ticket to enter?

Printouts and screenshots will not be accepted at entry. These tickets are powered by a new and unique barcode that automatically refreshes every few seconds so it cannot be stolen or copied, keeping your tickets safe and secure. Your phone’s your ticket, which you’ll show to the ticket scanner, get your barcode scanned — and you’re in!

How do I get into the event using a mobile ticket?

Use the Ticketmaster app! When you view your mobile ticket in our app, your ticket will be automatically saved, so it’s always ready.

Download the Ticketmaster app and sign in.
Tap My Events to locate your order and view your tickets.
What happens if my ticket doesn't scan properly?

This ticket works best with a bright screen, double-check your settings just to be sure it doesn’t need to be adjusted. If that doesn't work, visit the venue box office where the team will be glad to assist you.

Can I have multiple tickets on a single phone?

Yes, you can easily swipe to view multiple tickets within your account. If you bought tickets for your group, our simple ticket transfer tool makes it easier than ever to meet at your seats instead of waiting outside the gates. To skip that hassle, visit Ticketmaster today to send tickets to your group in just a few taps.

Will the person I transfer tickets to need a Ticketmaster account?

Yes, and it takes just a few seconds to create one if they are new to Ticketmaster. If they already have an account, just be sure to use the email address associated with their Ticketmaster account so it’s even easier for them to accept their tickets.
-
How do I use Mobile Entry tickets?
Mobile Entry is the easiest and safest way to access tickets to your events.

When your event is Mobile only, or you selected Mobile Entry at checkout, your mobile phone is your ticket. With this delivery method, you’ll only be able to access your tickets on your phone.  Tickets can’t be printed from your online account or get emailed to you.

How do I find and use my tickets?

On iOS Ticketmaster app:

Open your Ticketmaster app.
Sign into your My Account.
Tap My Events and find your order.
Tap View Tickets to access your tickets. We recommend adding your tickets to a digital wallet so that you’ll always have your ticket on hand — even without internet connection.
Present your tickets to get scanned for entry and you’re in!
On Android Ticketmaster app:

Open your Ticketmaster app.
Sign into your My Account.
Tap My Events and find your order.
Tap View Tickets to access your tickets. We recommend adding your tickets to a digital wallet so that you’ll always have your ticket on hand.
Your phone’s your ticket — scan it at the venue entrance and you’re in!
On a mobile browser:

Open a web browser app and go to Ticketmaster.com.
Sign into your My Account.
Tap the circle in the top right and tap My Tickets.
Find your order and tap View Tickets to access your tickets. We recommend adding your tickets to a digital wallet so that you’ll always have your ticket on hand.
Your phone’s your ticket — scan it at the venue entrance and you’re in!
Download our app to manage your tickets – all in one place! Available in the U.S. and Canada only.

How do I access mobile entry tickets if I lose internet access?

We encourage you to download your tickets to your digital wallet before you leave for your event. This ensures that you can always access your tickets.

Apple users can find more information in our FAQ How to add tickets to a digital wallet and Android users can view the FAQ How to use Google Pay for event entry for event entry for more information.

How do I access mobile entry tickets if I'm outside the U.S. or Canada?

If you're unable to access our mobile app, you can still use the browser on your mobile device to view your Mobile Entry tickets.
-
How to use Google Pay for event entry
Can I add my mobile ticket to my Apple Wallet or Google Pay?

Yes, when you access your mobile ticket in the Ticketmaster app, you’ll see the option to add to Apple Wallet (iOS) or Google Pay (Android) on the front of your ticket underneath the event information. Click this button to add to your Apple or Google Pay wallet.

What are the benefits of adding tickets to my mobile wallet?

By adding tickets to your mobile wallet, you’ll be able to access them regardless of cell service. Also, when you add a SafeTix ticket to your mobile wallet on a phone equipped with near-field communications (NFC), you will receive an NFC pass, meaning you can simply tap and go at the venue.

How do I add my ticket to Google Pay?

In your Ticketmaster account, tap on My Events to locate your order.
Tap your order to view tickets.
Tap the Save to Google Pay button.
If you don’t have the Google Pay app installed, this button will open a web page where you can finish up the process.

How do I access my tickets in Google Pay?

Open the Google Pay app.
Tap Pay contactless (middle) or Set up contactless (top).
Touch the bottom of the screen and swipe up.
Tap your event to view your ticket.

How do I know if my Android phone has near-field communications (NFC)?

Open the Settings on your phone.
Tap Connected devices.
Tap Connection preferences.
If you see NFC options, your phone has the feature.
How do I enable contactless entry on Google Pay?

Go to settings in Google Pay.
Tap Set up contactless.
Tap Turn on NFC.
Make sure NFC is switched on and Google Pay is set as your default payment.
How do I gain entry using my Google Pay ticket?

Locate your ticket in the Google Pay app.
When you see a hold to reader message, you can present your phone to the contactless entry point.
Depending on which brand and model of Android phone you are using, the NFC antenna may be located in different positions. If you’re unsure, you may need to try the top, middle or bottom of your device.
My contactless isn’t working, how do I access my tickets?

View your ticket in Google Pay.
Tap Show code.
You’ll be presented with your SafeTix rotating barcode.
-
How do I access mobile entry tickets if I'm outside the US or Canada?
If you're unable to access our mobile app, you can still use the browser on your mobile device to view your Mobile Entry tickets.

How to access your ticket(s) using the mobile website:

Open a web browser app and go to LiveNation.com.
Sign into your My Account.
Tap the circle in the top right and tap My Tickets.
Find your order and tap View Tickets to access your tickets.
Present your ticket for scanning.
- 
How do I access mobile entry tickets if I lose internet access?
We encourage you to download your tickets to your digital wallet before you leave for your event. This ensures that you can always access your tickets.

Apple users can find more information in our FAQ How do I add tickets to a digital wallet? and Android users can view the FAQ How to use Google Pay for event entry for more information.
-
How do I transfer tickets?
Ticket Transfer makes it possible to send tickets to friends and family. Whether you’re organizing the group or sending a gift, it only takes a few simple taps.

Please see our Purchase Policy for more information on transfer tickets.

Transferring your tickets
Transfer with the Live Nation app

Open the Live Nation app and sign in to your account.

Tap My Events and select the event to view your tickets.

Tap Transfer. If the Transfer button is grayed out, your tickets aren’t eligible for transfer.

Select the tickets you'd like to transfer and tap Transfer To.

Enter your recipient's information, including their mobile number or email address — you could even add a note too. If a mobile number is entered, a link to claim the ticket will pop up with a pre-written text message, just press send and it will go to your recipient. If an email address is entered, a link to claim the ticket will go to your recipient in an email.

Tap Transfer Ticket.  

Your transferred tickets will show in your account as sent. Once the recipient has accepted them, you’ll receive an email confirming the ticket has been accepted. After a successful Ticket Transfer, the ticket in your account is no longer valid for event entry. 

Visit the FAQ How do I accept transferred tickets? for more information on accepting transferred tickets.

Transfer on Livenation.com (Desktop/Mobile Web)

Sign in to your My Account.

Hover over My Account in the top right and then My Tickets.

Select your event and click See Details.

Click Transfer Tickets. If the Transfer button is grayed out, your tickets aren’t eligible for transfer. For account security, you may need to confirm your account by entering the four-digit code emailed or texted to you.

Select the tickets you'd like to transfer and click Continue.

Enter your recipient's information, including their email address — you could even add a note too.

Click Send.  

Your transferred tickets will show in your account as sent. Once the recipient has accepted them, you’ll receive an email confirming the ticket has been accepted. After a successful Ticket Transfer, the ticket in your account is no longer valid for event entry. 

Visit the FAQ How do I accept transferred tickets? for more information on accepting transferred tickets.

Transfer Season Tickets with Account Manager
Sign in to your team or venue's Account Manager account.  

Go to your events, select the event you’re transferring tickets for, then click Transfer. If the Transfer button is grayed out, your tickets aren’t eligible for transfer.

Select the tickets you'd like to transfer.

Enter your recipient's information. On desktop or laptop, include their email address. If you're using the app, include their mobile number or email address — you could even add a little note too.

Tap Transfer.

Your transferred tickets will show in your account as sent. Once the recipient has accepted them, you’ll receive an email confirming the ticket has been accepted. After a successful Ticket Transfer, the ticket in your account is no longer valid for event entry. 

Visit the FAQ How do I accept transferred tickets? for more information on accepting transferred tickets.

How does ticket transfer work? Is it safe?

When you transfer tickets to another fan and they accept them, the recipient is issued a new barcode that only they can use. The tickets in the sender’s account will no longer be valid for entry.

What's the benefit of using Ticket Transfer?

You can use Ticket Transfer to send some or all of your tickets from your Live Nation account to others securely. It allows everyone going to the event to have their own ticket. And it's easy, safe, and completely free to do.

Do I have to transfer all of my tickets?

No, you can transfer all or some of your tickets.

How do I know if the tickets have been accepted?

Once you send a ticket, you’ll see either: 

Waiting to accept or Sent, which means your friends have not accepted the transferred tickets yet — remind them to check their email or text messages for the transfer invite. 
Accepted by or Claimed, which means the transfer has been successful. 
Visit the FAQ How do I accept transferred tickets? for more information on accepting transferred tickets.

Ticket transfer requirements
Can I transfer tickets for any event?

For most events, you can use Ticket Transfer. But some events have rules and restrictions applied to them. If Ticket Transfer isn’t eligible, the Transfer button will be grayed out.

Why is transfer not available on my event?

Ticket Transfer is available for most events, but not all. 

This could be because: 

The venue doesn't offer Ticket Transfer yet (we're working on that).
The artist or venue turned Ticket Transfer off for that event/section.
The event was canceled (ticket buyers are automatically refunded).
The event has already happened.
The tickets were bought over the phone.
Will the person I transfer tickets to need a Live Nation account?

Yes, but if they don’t have one, it only takes seconds to create a Live Nation account. 

If they have an account already, use the email address associated with their Live Nation account for the Ticket Transfer — it’s easier for them to accept tickets that way. 

Visit the FAQ Create a Live Nation Account for more information.

Can I transfer parking that I purchased for my event?

To check if your parking is eligible for transfer, go to your order in your online account. If the transfer button is grayed out, transfers aren’t available. 

Ticket insurance and merchandise aren’t eligible for transfer. 

Can I transfer tickets that were transferred to me?

Yes, once you accept the tickets, they're all yours. If you can’t use them, simply transfer them to someone else. 

Can I transfer my tickets before they are delivered to me?

Yes, if your event is eligible for Ticket Transfer, you’re good to go — even if your tickets haven’t been delivered to you yet.
 -
How do I accept transferred tickets?
Accepting tickets is easy! Follow these steps and you’ll have your tickets in no time. 

For your own security, it’s a good idea to know and trust the person transferring tickets to you.

Accept tickets through text
Tap the Sign in link in your text messages.
Sign in or create a new account. Accepting season tickets or a ticket series? You may be directed to the team or venue’s Account Manager site.
View your tickets by going to My Events.
Accept tickets through email
Click the Accept Tickets link in your email.
Sign in or create a new account — make sure you use the same email for your account and that the tickets were sent to.
To view your tickets select View Tickets or go to My Events on the app.
To learn more about adding your tickets to your digital wallet, visit the FAQ How do I add tickets to a digital wallet?

Will the person transferring the tickets know I’ve accepted them?

Once you accept the ticket, the sender receives a notification letting them know the Ticket Transfer has been successful.

How do I accept my tickets if I lost the email/text?

Ask the sender to cancel the original transfer and start a new Ticket Transfer. 

Still can’t find them? Search your email using the term transfer or the artist or event.

How do I find my accepted tickets?

Do you have another Live Nation account? Your tickets may be there instead, check that first. Or it’s possible your tickets are in an account you have with the team or venue's official site or app — separate from your Live Nation account.

Or, try searching for your ticket transfer email. 

If you still need help, contact Fan Support.


-
What is Ticket Transfer?
With Ticket Transfer, you can transfer all or some of your tickets from one Ticketmaster account to another. It’s easy, safe and completely free. When you transfer tickets to another fan and they accept them, the recipient is issued a new barcode that only they can use. The tickets in the sender’s account will no longer be valid for entry.

If your event is eligible for Ticket Transfer, you’ll see a blue Transfer Tickets button on your order.

Top Three Reasons to Transfer Tickets

Surprise those you love with tickets to their favorite events — send the tickets directly with Ticket Transfer
Give your group members their own tickets so they can enter the event in their own time — without you having to coordinate everyone.
Let your friends and family move freely around the venue — ticket in hand — so there’s no need to worry about getting separated!
Ticket Transfer helps you send tickets to friends and family. It’s not used for exchanging tickets. If you’d like to exchange ticket(s), contact Fan Support
-
Can I transfer or sell my tickets before they're ready to print?
Absolutely — but your tickets need to be eligible.

If you see a blue Ticket Transfer button, you're good to go even if they aren't ready to print yet.

If the Sell button doesn’t appear, is grayed out or you receive a message that the Event Organizer hasn’t activated resale, your tickets aren’t eligible for resale.

Why aren’t they ready yet? Visit the FAQ What is a delivery delay? for more information.

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable. Ticket insurance will not apply to transferred tickets.
-
How do I cancel transferred tickets?
If your Ticket Transfer hasn’t been accepted by your recipient yet, you can cancel the transfer by simply following these steps:

Sign into your My Account.
On Ticketmaster.com (desktop/mobile web), hover over My Account and click My Tickets or tap My Events on the app.
Select the event to view your tickets.
Select Cancel Transfer.
Confirm you want to cancel the transfer by selecting Yes.
Your ticket will be returned to your account.
Once you’ve canceled a transfer, you can re-transfer the ticket to someone else or keep it for yourself. 

How do I know if the tickets have been accepted or not?

Once you send a ticket, you’ll see your tickets status update to either: 

Waiting to accept or Sent, which means your friends have not accepted the transferred tickets yet — remind them to check their email or text messages for the transfer invite. 
Accepted by or Claimed, which means the transfer has been successful. 
Visit the FAQ How do I accept transferred tickets? for more information on accepting transferred tickets.
-
Can I transfer tickets that someone transferred to me?
Yes, once you accept the tickets, they're all yours. If you can’t use them, simply transfer them to someone else.


-
How do I accept transferred tickets from sports leagues?
If you received a ticket transfer invite and you can’t access the tickets within your Ticketmaster My Account, it’s possible these tickets are on an individual team or venue ticketing site. This typically applies to tickets from the NFL, NBA, MLB and NHL. 

If that’s the case, go to the team’s ticketing site and sign in with your Ticketmaster account credentials to see the tickets.

To create an account and access your tickets on your team’s ticketing site, follow these steps:

Navigate to your team’s Welcome page (i.e. https://am.ticketmaster.com/[team name]/) and select the Sign In/Sign Up icon.
Scroll to the bottom of the Sign In/Sign Up window and click the Sign Up link.
Complete the form, add your phone number, and you’re good to go.
If you're experiencing any issues, please visit your team's official website for assistance.
-
What does Waiting to accept mean?
Once you send a ticket, you’ll see your tickets status update to either:

Waiting to accept or Sent, which means your friends have not accepted the transferred tickets yet — remind them to check their email or text messages for the transfer invite.
Accepted by or Claimed, which means the transfer has been successful.
Visit the FAQ How do I accept transferred tickets? for more information on accepting transferred tickets.

-
Is it free to transfer tickets?
Yes, you don’t have to pay a thing!


-
Can I only transfer tickets?
Other items, such as parking, may also be eligible for transfer. To find out, go to your order in your online account. If the items are eligible for transfer, you’ll see a Transfer button next to your order. If it’s grayed out, your item isn’t eligible for transfer. 

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable. Ticket insurance will not apply to transferred tickets.


-
Do I have to transfer all of my tickets?
No, you can transfer some or all of your tickets.
-
Why can’t I transfer my tickets?
A gray transfer button indicates that your event isn’t eligible for Ticket Transfer. It could be for one of these reasons:

The venue doesn't offer Ticket Transfer yet (we're working on that).
The artist or venue turned Ticket Transfer off for that event/section.
The event was canceled (ticket buyers get automatic refunds).
The event already took place.
The tickets were bought over the phone.
-
How do I accept my transferred tickets if I lost the email/text?
Ask the sender to cancel the original transfer and start a new Ticket Transfer. 

Still can’t find them? Search your email using the term transfer or the artist or event.


-
Can I exchange or upgrade my tickets?
Did you purchase tickets but now see better seats available? We may be able to help with an exchange if the event is at least 24 hours away (though for some events we may need 48- or 72-hours notice). We’ll let you know if you qualify when you submit your request.

A per ticket exchange fee may apply.

You are eligible for a ticket exchange if:

Your order/confirmation number is formatted as 12-2345/FLO;
You purchased your tickets directly from Ticketmaster;
You didn’t receive your tickets through Ticket Transfer, resale, or from a third-party site; and
Your order doesn’t contain VIP tickets, premium tickets or additional non-refundable items such as merchandise.
Your new tickets must meet the following requirements:

New tickets must be of equal or greater price than your current tickets.
Generally, they must be for the same event, venue and date. At their discretion, some Event Organizers allow exchanges for a long running series, such as theatrical shows.
New tickets must be indicated by a blue dot on the seat map. Pink dots indicate Fan-to-Fan Resale tickets, which can’t be purchased via an exchange.
Please see our Purchase Policy for more information.

To process an exchange, contact Fan Support.
-
What happens if a playoff game isn't played?
If a playoff series game isn't played because the series ended in less games, then refunds will be issued for the unplayed game(s). This applies to every sport with a playoff style post-season.

For example, the baseball American League Division Series can contain up to five games, with the three wins giving one team the series win. If a team wins the first three games, the tickets for the fourth and fifth games will be refunded.

View our FAQ What happens if my event is canceled? for more information.


-
How do I request a refund?
Refunds are only allowed in limited circumstances, as explained in our Purchase Policy.

You'll see a Request Refund link in your online account. After you’ve submitted your refund request and the funds are received from the Event Organizer, your refund will be processed to the original method of payment used when you purchased the tickets.
No action is required to receive your refund. Refunds are processed to the original method of payment used at the time of purchase, once funds are received from the Event Organizer. (Exceptions include MLB games and the US Open. Special rules apply to certain types of tickets, including transfer tickets and tickets you purchased but then resold.)
In some instances, the Event Organizer may give you the option to request a refund. If that happens, we’ll let you know.

For detailed information on our refund policies, please see our Purchase Policy.


-
How do I know if my order is eligible for a refund?
The Event Organizers determine refund guidelines. If the Event Organizer changes the status of an event (including cancelations or event date changes), we’ll send you a notification explaining your options. 

For the most up-to-date information on refunds for your event, follow these steps:

Sign into your My Account.
Find your order under the My Tickets section.
Click See Details.
If the Event Organizer is offering refunds for your event, a Request Refund button will appear.
Once the funds have been approved and received from the Event Organizer, we’ll process your refund to the original method of payment used at time of purchase — usually within 30 days.

For more information, please see our Purchase Policy.

The screenshots below show what you’ll see in your Order Details if the Event Organizer is offering refunds for your event. If you don’t see the Request Refund button, the Event Organizer isn’t offering refunds.
Once you submit your refund request, you’ll see the following confirmation page. You’ll also receive a confirmation email.

-
How do I get a refund if I don't have the same credit or debit card?
If refunds are approved and the funds have been received from the Event Organizer, we’ll issue a refund to the original method of payment used at the time of purchase — usually within 30 days. We can’t issue a refund to a different credit or debit card (including requests made through the self-service option).

If your credit card or debit card number has changed but is for the same bank account, the refund will be processed to that account. A Fan Support representative will contact you if we find that there is an issue processing your refund.

If your account’s been closed, check with your banking institution or credit card company to make arrangements with them about receiving your funds.

The same applies to tickets purchased with a gift card. Refunds must be returned to the original method of payment used at time of purchase.

To find your gift card refund balance in your online account, follow these steps:

If you used a Ticketmaster Gift Card:

Sign into your My Account.
Select My Account.
Click Credit & Codes.
Select Gift Card Balance and enter your Gift Card number and PIN.
If you used a non-Ticketmaster Gift Card (Visa, MC, etc.):

Contact the Gift Card Issuer (found on the back of the Gift Card).

Please see our Purchase Policy for more information.
-
I sold my tickets through Ticketmaster.com, Ticketmaster.ca or Livenation.com can I get refund or credit?
If you have sold your tickets for the canceled event through Ticketmaster.com, Ticketmaster.ca or Livenation.com (i.e., you resold your tickets through one of those sites, and you’ve been paid for them), your credit card on file will be charged to refund the buyer of your tickets and if successful, the tickets will be placed back on your account. Then, you’ll receive a refund for your original purchase (to the original method of payment used at the time of that purchase) once funds are received from the Event Organizer. No action is required for you to receive the refund. In some cases, the Event Organizer may also give you the option to choose either a credit or a refund; if so, we will send you a notification explaining your options, and how to submit a request for a credit.

If you have sold your tickets for the postponed, rescheduled, or moved event through Ticketmaster.com, Ticketmaster.ca or Livenation.com (i.e., you resold your tickets through one of those sites, and you’ve been paid for them), your tickets will be returned to your account if: (1) the Event Organizer has authorized refunds, and (2) the buyer has requested a refund. Should this occur, your credit card will be charged to refund the fan who purchased your tickets. Once your tickets are returned to your account, you may have the option to request a refund or credit, keep your tickets for the event, or, if available, repost your tickets for sale. Please note that any refund and/or credit policies are determined on an event-by-event basis by the Event Organizers, and may be subject to limitations set by the Event Organizer.

Please see our Purchase Policy for more information.


-
Can I get a refund if I receive a ticket through Ticket Transfer?
No, we can only refund the person who purchased tickets directly from us. If the tickets were transferred to you, you’ll need to transfer them back to the original purchaser for them to take advantage of any options the Event Organizer is allowing for that event.

If you purchased a resale ticket from some other source (i.e., not through the Ticketmaster site), and that ticket was then transferred to you, you’ll need to reach out to your original point of purchase for any available refund options.

Please see our Purchase Policy for more information.


-
How long does it take to get my refund after I’ve submitted my request?
If refunds are approved and the funds have been received from the Event Organizer, we’ll issue a refund to the original method of payment used at the time of purchase — usually within 30 days.


-
I transferred a ticket to someone. Can I get a refund?
Tickets purchased directly from Ticketmaster or Live Nation may be eligible for a refund to the original ticket buyer. Contact Fan Support to complete your request.

Please see our Purchase Policy for more information.


-
Will I get a refund for add-ons or upsells that I bought with my tickets?
If the Event Organizer authorizes refunds and you choose to request a refund, the cost of your upsells (e.g. VIP Club, Lawn Chair, Parking, Fastlane, etc.) will be refunded to your original method of payment used at time of purchase.


-
Can I get a partial refund or split my options between a refund and credit?
If the Event Organizer offers you a choice of either a refund or a credit, you can’t get a partial refund; whatever selection you make (i.e., refund or credit) will apply to your entire order and can’t be split between refund and credit.


-
What are credits and how do they work?
The Event Organizer may provide the option to request a credit for canceled, postponed, rescheduled, or moved events; if so, we will send you a notification, and you can submit a request for credit in your account. Credits are provided by the Event Organizer, and not by Ticketmaster. Credits may be applied toward the purchase of eligible event tickets and ancillary purchases (such as parking) at the same venue (or, in some cases, at one of a number of venues designated by the Event Organizer) during the timeframe specified by the Event Organizer. Credits cannot be used for resale tickets, third-party tickets, ticket insurance, or gift cards. The Event Organizer will determine which future events, venues, and ancillary purchases are eligible, as well as the amount of the credit (including any potential promotional amount). The amount of the credit will always include at least 100% of the price of the original ticket(s), plus fees and taxes. The amount of the credit will not include any additional add-ons or upgrades included in your original purchase (such as parking), which will be refunded to your original method of payment used at time of purchase. Once you’ve requested to receive credit and we’ve verified your order is eligible for credit, we’ll send you a credit code which you can use for eligible purchases, along with instructions for redeeming that credit. Please note that credits typically have an expiration date, and must be used before that date. The email that you received with your credit code will contain the expiration date for your credit; you can also find the expiration date in your online account, under “Gift Cards & Codes.”

Credits are non-transferable, may not be sold, are not redeemable for cash, and may not be combined with other promotions. Credits may not be applied to previously placed orders and may not be redeemed to purchase tickets for the same event as the tickets in your original purchase for which you accepted the credit.

Please Note: All requests for credits are final and cannot be changed once initiated.

Please see our Purchase Policy for more information.
-
I purchased tickets to an event through a resale website. What are my options?
If you purchased a ticket from another site:

You’ll need to reach out to your original point of purchase to see if refund options are available.

If you purchased a verified resale ticket through Ticketmaster or Live Nation:

When your event is postponed, rescheduled, canceled or moved, you’ll receive a notification or email explaining any refund options available to you. 

For the most up-to-date information, please sign into your online account and select your event. 

See our Purchase Policy for more information.


-
I’ve requested a refund but the card or account I used in PayPal is no longer in use. What should I do?
Once your refund has been approved and processed, PayPal will place the funds in your PayPal wallet.


-
Credit Redemption FAQs
Can I get credit for my event?

Credit is no longer offered. All credits expired on November 1, 2022 with a few exceptions:

NY Yankees credit codes can be used until October 31, 2027.
Broadway in Chicago credit codes can be used until October 31, 2023.
How will I receive my credit code?

Once your credit request has been processed, your credit code and balance will be added to your online account. We’ll also send you an email notification with your code, balance, and a link to a list of eligible events in which you can apply your credit.

Where will my credit code be located?

To find your credit, follow these steps:

Sign into your online account.
Click Credits & Codes located on the left hand side of the page.
Your credit code and balance will be displayed.
What happens if an event that I used my credit on is canceled?

If an event is canceled, and you used a credit to purchase ticket(s) for that event, we’ll place a credit back to your original code so you can use it again on a future qualifying event. However, we can only credit back your account during the period that the code is active. If your event was scheduled beyond November 1, 2022 and then canceled (excluding events for the NY Yankees and Broadway in Chicago), we can’t provide you with credit back.

How do I redeem my credit code during checkout?

When you're checking out, locate the field Add Promo Codes / Gift Cards.
Enter your credit code in this box.
Click or tap the Apply button.
Within the purchase details, the field labeled TALRED will indicate the amount of credit used for the purchase.

What events can I use my credit for?

Credits may be applied towards the purchase of eligible event tickets at the same venue or, in some cases, at one of a number of venues designated by the Event Organizer during the timeframe specified by the Event Organizer. The Event Organizer will determine which future events and venues are eligible as well as the amount of the credit (including any potential promotional amount). The email that you received with your credit code will contain the redemption rules for that event and a link where you can access a list of the eligible events that your credit can be applied toward.

Visit our Purchase Policy for more information.

When does my credit expire?

Credit is no longer offered. All credits expired on November 1, 2022 with a few exceptions:

NY Yankees credit codes can be used until October 31, 2027.
Broadway in Chicago credit codes can be until October 31, 2023.
Visit our Purchase Policy for more information.

What types of tickets can I use my credit on?

Your credit can be used to purchase any primary listed tickets (tickets that are sold for the first time by Ticketmaster). Credits cannot be used for resale tickets.

Visit our Purchase Policy for more information.

Do I have to use the entire credit amount during a single purchase?

No, if your credit is greater than your purchase, any remaining credit will be available to use on a future eligible event. If your purchase total is higher than your credit amount, then you'll need to apply another form of payment to cover the remaining balance.

Can my credits be combined with any other credit or promo codes?

No, your credit can’t be combined with any other credit or promo codes on the same purchase. However, you’re able to pay the remaining balance (if needed) with a valid credit card or other form of payment accepted.

Can I use my credit on any purchases other than tickets?

In addition to primary listed tickets, your credit can be applied to eligible ancillary purchases, such as parking. You cannot apply your credit toward the purchase of any resale or third-party tickets, ticket insurance or gift cards.

Visit our Purchase Policy for more information.
-
Schlesinger v. Ticketmaster Class Action Settlement
As of June 17, 2020, Ticketmaster fulfilled all requirements of the Schlesinger v. Ticketmaster class action settlement.  The expiration date of the Discount Codes and UPS Discount Codes, which have been available for redemption by class members since June of 2016, was negotiated between the parties and approved by the Court.  Per the Court’s order, all Discount Codes and UPS Codes expired and were removed from all class members’ accounts on June 18, 2020


-
Unable to sign into My Account
Do you need to reset your password?

Follow these steps and quickly get back into your Live Nation account:

Go to the My Account sign in page.
Select Forgot Password.
Type in your email address and select Next.
You’ll receive an email or a text if you selected the phone option with a one-time code. Type in that code on our site and select Confirm.
If you’re using a landline, we’ll call you to provide the code. Unfortunately, we can’t utilize Google Voice or Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) to verify your account.
Reset your password.
If you’ve followed the steps to reset your password and see an error message, contact Fan Support.


-
How do I reset my account password?
Forgot your password? It happens to all of us!

To quickly get back into your My Account, follow these steps:

Go to the My Account sign in page.
Select Forgot Password.
Type in your email address and select Next.
You’ll receive an email (or a text if you selected the phone option) with a one-time code. Type in that code on our site and select Confirm.
If you’re using a landline, we’ll call you to provide the code. Unfortunately, we can’t utilize Google Voice or Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) to verify your account.
Reset your password.
If you’ve followed the steps to reset your password and see an error message, contact Fan Support.

-
I haven't received my password reset email. What should I do?
If you haven’t received the email, check your spam, junk and deleted folders for an email from customer_support@email.ticketmaster.com. Additionally, check your inbox folders if you have filters to sort incoming email. This email is only used for sending out fan notifications. If you need help, contact Fan Support.

If you still don’t have an email from us at the above email address, please add customer_support@email.ticketmaster.com to your contacts and request the email to be sent again.


-
A New Way To Sign In
We are introducing a new way to sign in. You can now use a single password to sign into your accounts on other Ticketmaster sites.

If you already have more than one Ticketmaster account in different countries, we’ll link your accounts. Then next time you sign in, we’ll ask you to set a single password for those linked accounts.
If you have just one account, but access a new Ticketmaster site in a different country, we’ll automatically link your accounts using your existing password and your existing profile information.
You can continue to manage your marketing and other preferences for each account separately, but your profile information will be linked to a global identity.

Your billing information for each order is also managed separately, but this information won’t be linked to your global identity.

Where is this available?
You can use the new sign-in on Ticketmaster sites in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Ireland, Mexico, New Zealand and Australia. This feature is coming soon to many other countries, so check back here for updates.
-
Verify your account by phone
To enhance your experience and fight against malicious technology, we’re asking you to verify your phone number. This simple step provides an extra layer of verification that helps us separate real human fans from bots.

Why does Live Nation require a phone number on my account?

We take fighting bots very seriously — they use malicious technology to set up accounts and access tickets faster than real people. We want to make sure only real, human fans can create accounts and access tickets. A phone number is an extra layer of verification that helps us fight bots and combat abuse.

How does adding a phone number separate me from bots?

A phone number can help us verify your identity.

By having direct access to an active number and a verification code delivered to your phone we decrease the opportunity for suspicious users, especially bots, to create Ticketmaster accounts.

Verifying your account
Using a mobile phone number

When you create an account, or add a phone number to an existing account, we’ll ask you to provide a number that receives texts or SMS messaging.
Sometimes, it can take a few minutes for the text with your one-time code to arrive on your phone.
If you don’t use a mobile phone, you can use the voice call service — just follow the instructions below.
Return to your verification screen and enter the code to continue.
Your verification code is unique. It changes each time you verify a new phone number or you request a new code.

Using the voice call service

When you create an account, or add a phone number to an existing account, we’ll ask you to provide a number. You can select the call option and our automated system will call you with a verification code.
The automated voice call will provide you with your one-time code. Have a pen handy, you might want to write the code down.
Unfortunately, we can’t utilize Google Voice or Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) to verify your account.
Return to your verification screen and enter the code to continue.
Your verification code is unique. It changes each time you verify a new phone number or you request a new code.

I get an error message informing me that my phone number is not accepted or supported, but I know my number is valid. What should I do?

Only mobile carrier or landline phone numbers are accepted. Additional methods like payphones, pagers, Google Voice or Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP are not accepted or supported. If you’re still having trouble, please contact Fan Support for help.

Using your code
What should I do if my verification code has expired?

If your verification code has expired, you can request a new code from the verification screen. Remember, the verification code is unique and will change each time you verify a new phone number or request a new code.

What should I do if I haven’t received a text message showing my verification code?

You can request a new code from the verification screen. Or, if you still haven’t received a text message, try the voice call option instead.

For more help, please contact Fan Support.

I still haven’t received a verification code/ I’m having problems entering a verification code.

Try refreshing your screen and enter the code again.

Still not working? Contact Fan Support.


-
Create a Live Nation Account
You can create an account through the Live Nation app, livenation.com or on a venue or team site/app. From your My Account, you can manage your tickets, preferences, and contact Fan Support on existing orders.

Create an account on the Live Nation app
To create an account through your mobile device, follow the following steps:

Download and open the Live Nation App. 

Tap My Account.

Tap Sign In.

Tap New to Live Nation? Sign Up. 

Enter your details then tap Next.

Tap either Text or Call to get your one-time code. Tap Next.
Enter your one-time code and tap Continue. Standard data and messaging rates may apply.

Create an account on Livenation.com (Desktop/Mobile Web)
To create an account through your desktop web browser, follow the following steps:

Go to the My Account sign in page and select New to Live Nation? Sign Up.

Enter your details then select Next.

Enter your phone number to get your one-time code. Select Next.

We’ll send your one-time code to your phone via SMS. Type in your code on our site and select Confirm. Standard data and messaging rates may apply.

It says I already have an account. What should I do?

If you’re getting a message that says you already have an account, select Sign In. If you can’t remember your password, simply follow the link to reset it. 

I have not received my one-time code. What should I do?

If you haven’t received your one-time code, you can select Request a New Code.

I forgot my password. What should I do?

Follow the instructions to reset your password:

Go to the My Account sign in page.
Select Forgot Password.
Type in your email address and select Next.
You’ll receive an email or a text if you selected the phone option with a one-time code. Type in that code and select Confirm.
Reset your password.
I don’t have a mobile device/SMS messaging. How do I verify my account?

You can also use a landline phone to verify your account. Just enter your preferred phone number — there’s no need to indicate that the number is a landline. If your number is recognized as a landline, we’ll call you on your landline to provide the code to verify your account.

Unfortunately, we can’t utilize Google Voice or Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) to verify your account.

Is it free to create an account?

Yes, it’s free!

Someone in my household has an account. Should I create one?

We recommend creating your own account. By doing so, you can have tickets sent to you by friends and family with Ticket Transfer.
-
Closing a My Account profile
You can read our Privacy Policy to find information on how we use your data and instructions on how to submit a request to close your account.

You can also send a letter to:

Live Nation Entertainment, Inc.

9348 Civic Center Drive

Beverly Hills, CA 90210


-
How do I sign out of My Account?
Hover over My Account on the top right of our site, then click Sign Out.

If clicking Sign Out doesn't exit your account, try closing all your tabs and browser window.


-

The Account Manager Experience
How will this make accounts more secure?

This upgraded sign-in experience protects accounts against account takeovers by identifying suspicious sign-ins and locking the accounts before bad actors can use stolen credentials.

Where is this available?

You can use the new sign-in on Live Nation sites in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Ireland, Mexico, New Zealand and Australia. This feature is coming soon to many other countries, so check back here for updates.

What if I don’t want a Live Nation account?

Account Manager fans will be required to use a Live Nation account to sign in. Accounts created on Account Manager sites won’t be marketed to by Live Nation unless you make a purchase directly on Livenation.com.

Signing into your Account Manager
How do I use Live Nation credentials to sign into Account Manager?

When you sign into an Account Manager site, use the same email address you have always used. The system will recognize your email and may prompt you to reset your password. Once you have successfully signed in, you’ll be able to use the same username and password for other Account Manager sites and Livenation.com.

How can I reset my password?

You can click Forgot Password? at sign-in to receive an email or a text message with a one-time code to reset your password.

Can I still use my old credentials to sign into Account Manager?

No, all sign-ins use Live Nation credentials. You’ll still use the same email, but your password may be changed.

How do I know if I have a Live Nation account?

Enter your email address in the email field and the system will check to see if you have an existing Live Nation account. If you see a message that says Email Not Found, you’ll need to sign up with a new Live Nation account.

Visit our FAQ Create a Live Nation Account for more information.

I have multiple accounts for different venues or teams. Do I need to have a Live Nation account for all of them?     

Each individual email address that you use to sign into Account Manager will have a Live Nation account. If you use the same email address for all your accounts, you’ll only have one account that can access each venue or team.

My account is associated with an email address I can no longer access. How can I change my sign-in credentials?

Contact the box office and have them unlink your email from your LIve Nation account. They will then change the email on your account to a new email of your choice. When you sign in again, you’ll use the new email address.

Using your Account Manager
Can I manage all my tickets in one place?

No, your Account Manager tickets and your Live Nation tickets are still in separate systems. 

Your credentials are the same, but the accounts are separate.

Why am I being asked to add a phone number when I sign in?

To ensure it is you, we’re requiring each account to have a phone number associated with it. This phone number can be updated in your Livenation.com account profile.

How can I change my account information?

Account information including your name, email address, phone number and password can be updated in the My Profile section of your Live Nation account. You can access My Profile from the profile section of Account Manager or by signing into Livenation.com.

Your mailing address can only be updated in the profile section of Account Manager.

You can also contact the box office to make updates to the way they communicate with you.

I want to transfer my tickets to a friend using Account Manager. What account will they need to use to accept the tickets?

Your recipient will need to sign into Account Manager with a Live Nation account to accept the tickets. If they don’t have an account, they’ll be prompted to create one.

How can I subscribe to team updates and information?

You can subscribe to team updates when you sign up or manage your subscription options in your Account Manager Profile.

Why are my Live Nation credentials being used to access my Account Manager account?

With a secure, unified credential system, you can sign into your Live Nation and Account Manager sites using a single username and password. With this new sign-in, your account is more secure and you can access your tickets faster.


-
Account Manager for Season Ticket Holders
Your Account Manager can be accessed by visiting am.ticketmaster.com.

If you're experiencing any issues with any Account Manager tools or features, please visit your official team's account manager site for contact information.

Account Manager is not the same as your My Account on Livenation.com or Ticketmaster.com.


-
Careers
Ready to come work with us? You can review our professional opportunities on our Careers site.


-
Terms of Use
Last Updated: July 2, 2021

Welcome! The following are the terms of use ("Terms") that govern your use of Live Nation and Ticketmaster's sites and mobile applications—including without limitation www.livenation.com, www.ticketmaster.com, and www.ticketexchangebyticketmaster.com--(collectively, the "Site"), and your purchase, possession, or use of any Live Nation or Ticketmaster tickets, products, or services.

Our Privacy Policy, Purchase Policy, and any other policies, rules, or guidelines that may be applicable to particular offers or features on the Site are also incorporated into the Terms. By visiting or using the Site, you expressly agree to these Terms, as updated from time to time.

Please note that while some of the events listed on the Site may appeal to children, the Site is not targeted at children under the age of 13, and they are not permitted to use the Site. We strongly encourage all parents and guardians to monitor their children’s Internet use. If you use the Site, you affirm you are at least 13 years old.

NOTICE REGARDING FUTURE CHANGES TO TERMS:
We may make changes to the Terms at any time. Any changes we make will be effective immediately when we post a revised version of the Terms on the Site. The "Last Updated” date above will tell you when the Terms were last revised. By continuing to use this Site after that date, you agree to the changes.

To the extent that these Terms differ from a prior version of the Terms which you previously agreed to, this version of the Terms supersedes and governs.

NOTICE REGARDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER:
The Terms contain an arbitration agreement and class action waiver Section 17. Specifically, you and we agree that any dispute or claim relating in any way to the Terms, your use of the Site, or products or services sold, distributed, issued, or serviced by us or through us, will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration, rather than in court. By agreeing to individual arbitration, you and we each waive any right to participate in a class action lawsuit or class-wide arbitration. This agreement and waiver—along with some limited exceptions—is explained in Section 17, below.

COVID-19 WARNING:
An inherent risk of exposure to COVID-19 exists in any place where people gather. COVID-19 is an extremely contagious disease that can lead to severe illness and death. You assume all risks, hazards, and dangers arising from or relating in any way to the risk of contracting a communicable disease or illness—including, without limitation, exposure to COVID-19 or any other bacteria, virus, or other pathogen capable of causing a communicable disease or illness, whether that exposure occurs before, during, or after the event, and regardless of how caused or contracted—and you hereby waive any and all claims and potential claims against Ticketmaster, Live Nation, and the Event Organizer (as defined in our Purchase Policy)—and against any companies affiliated with Ticketmaster, Live Nation, or the Event Organizer—relating to such risks, hazards, and dangers.

Table of Contents
Account Registration
Code of Conduct
Ownership of Content and Grand of Conditional License
Making Purchases
Forums and User Content
Claims of Copyright Infringement on the Site
Links
Parental Controls
Access from Outside the United States
Rules for Sweepstakes, Contests and Games
Mobile Messaging
Mobile Device Application
Violation of the Terms
Disclaimer of Warranties
Limitation of Liability
Indemnification
Mandatory Arbitration Agreement and Class Action Waiver
No Reliance on Forward-Looking Statements
Severability
Questions
1. Account Registration
You may browse the Site without registering for an account. You will be required to register for an account to use certain features of the Site, such as reserving or purchasing a ticket. Your account username may not include the name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person, or be offensive, vulgar, or obscene. Your account username and password are personal to you. You will be responsible for the confidentiality and use of your username and password, and for all activities (including purchases) that are conducted through your account. You may not transfer or sell access to your account. We will not be liable for any harm related to disclosure of your username or password or the use by anyone else of your username or password. You may not use another user’s account without that user’s permission. You will immediately notify us in writing if you discover any unauthorized use of your account or other account-related security breach. We may require you to change your username and/or password if we believe your account is no longer secure, or if we receive a complaint that your username violates someone else’s rights. You will have no ownership in your account or your username. We may refuse registration, cancel an account, or deny access to the Site for any reason.

2. Code of Conduct
You agree that you will comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and that you will not:

Restrict or inhibit any other person from using the Site.

Use the Site for any unlawful purpose.

Express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by us, without our prior written consent.

Impersonate any person or entity, whether actual or fictitious, including any employee or representative of our company.

Submit (a) any content or information that is unlawful, fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable, or infringes our or any third party’s intellectual property or other rights; (b) any non-public information about companies without authorization; or (c) any advertisements, solicitations, chain letters, pyramid schemes, surveys, contests, investment opportunities, or other unsolicited commercial communication.

Submit, or provide links to, any postings containing material that could be considered harmful, obscene, pornographic, sexually explicit, indecent, lewd, violent, abusive, profane, insulting, threatening, harassing, hateful, or otherwise objectionable, including any posting that includes the image or likeness of individuals under 18 years of age, encourages or otherwise depicts or glamorizes drug use (including alcohol and cigarettes), characterizes violence as acceptable, glamorous, or desirable, or contains any personal contact information or other personal information identifying any third party.

Submit, or provide links to, any postings containing material that harasses, victimizes, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender, age, or disability.

Engage in spamming or flooding.

Harvest or collect information about Site users.

Order, or attempt to order, a number of tickets for an event that exceeds the stated limit for that event.

Use any password or code to participate in a presale or other offer on the Site if you did not receive the password or code from us, or if you violate the terms of the presale or offer.

3. Ownership of Content and Grant of Conditional License
The Site and all data, text, designs, pages, print screens, images, artwork, photographs, audio and video clips, and HTML code, source code, or software that reside or are viewable or otherwise discoverable on the Site, and all tickets obtained from the Site (collectively, the “Content”), are owned by us or our licensors. We own a copyright and, in many instances, patents and other intellectual property in the Site and Content. We may change the Content and features of the Site at any time.

We grant you a limited, conditional, no-cost, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sub-licensable license to view this Site and its Content as permitted by the Terms for non-commercial purposes only if, as a condition precedent, you agree that you will not:

Submit any software or other materials that contain any viruses, worms, Trojan horses, defects, date bombs, time bombs, or other items of a destructive nature.
Manipulate identifiers, including by forging headers, in order to disguise the origin of any posting that you submit.

Link to any portion of the Site other than the URL assigned to the home page of the Site.

"Frame" or "mirror" any part of the Site.

Modify, adapt, sub-license, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any portion of the Site, or otherwise attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the Content.

Remove any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices contained on the Site.

Use any computer program, bot, robot, spider, offline reader, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device, tool, or process to retrieve, index, data mine, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the security structure, navigational structure, or presentation of the Content or the Site, including with respect to any CAPTCHA displayed on the Site. Operators of public search engines may use spiders to copy materials from the Site for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. We may revoke this exception at any time and require removal of archived materials gathered in the past.

Use any automated software or computer system to search for, reserve, buy, or otherwise obtain tickets, discount codes (including Concert Cash® and Ticketmaster Ticket Cash™), promotional codes, vouchers, credits, gift cards, or any other items available on the Site, including sending information from your computer to another computer where such software or system is active.

Take any action that imposes or may impose (in our sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure.

Access, reload, or refresh transactional event or ticketing pages, or make any other request to transactional servers, more than once during any three-second interval.

Request more than 1,000 pages of the Site in any 24-hour period, whether alone or with a group of individuals.

Make more than 800 reserve requests on the Site in any 24-hour period, whether alone or with a group of individuals.

Reproduce, modify, display, publicly perform, distribute, or create derivative works of the Site or the Content.

Reproduce or scan tickets in a format or medium different from that provided by the Site.

Decode, decrypt, modify, or reverse engineer any tickets or underlying algorithms or barcodes used on or in production of tickets or the Site.

Use the Site or the Content in an attempt to, or in conjunction with, any device, program, or service designed to circumvent any technological measure that effectively controls access to, or the rights in, the Site and/or Content in any way including, without limitation, by manual or automatic device or process, for any purpose.

Use ticket bot technology to search for, reserve, or purchase tickets through the Site; for the avoidance of doubt, this specifically prohibits you from using automated ticket purchasing software on the Site, and prohibits you from circumventing any security measure, access control system, or other technological control or measure on the Site that is used to enforce posted event ticket purchasing limits or to maintain the integrity of posted online ticket purchasing order rules.

This license is expressly conditioned on your preexisting agreement to comply with, and your actual compliance with, each of the provisions described in this Ownership of Content and Grant of Conditional License section. This license exists only so long as you strictly comply with each of the provisions described in this section. Any use of the Site or Content by you or anyone acting on your behalf that does not strictly comply with each and every provision in this section exceeds the scope of the license granted to you herein, constitutes unauthorized reproduction, display, or creation of unauthorized derivative versions of the Site and Content, and infringes our copyrights, trademarks, patents, and other rights in the Site and Content. You will not acquire any ownership rights by using the Site or the Content.

The registered and unregistered trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on the Site are owned by us or our licensors. You may not use our trademarks, logos, and service marks in any way without our prior written permission. You may inquire about obtaining permission by contacting us at trademarks@livenation.com.

4. Making Purchases
Please review our Purchase Policy, which (in addition to the Terms) will govern your purchase of any tickets or other products through the Site, including any refunds or exchanges. We may impose conditions on your use of any coupon, promotional code, credit, or gift card. You will pay all charges incurred by you or any users of your account and credit card (or other applicable payment mechanism) at the price(s) in effect when such charges are incurred, including any applicable taxes. You may only use credit or debit cards, gift cards, or vouchers that belong to you or to people who expressly authorize you to use such payment methods. You may use Concert Cash® and Ticketmaster Ticket Cash™, only in accordance with the Code Terms of Use found at www.livenation.com/concertcash or www.ticketmaster.com/ticketcash, as applicable.

You may not attempt to conceal your identity by using multiple Internet Protocol addresses or email addresses, or by any other means, to conduct transactions on the Site.

You will not hold us liable if you do not comply with laws related to your transactions. We may provide law enforcement with information you provide to us related to your transactions to assist in any investigation or prosecution of you.

If we are unable to verify or authenticate any information or tickets you provide during any registration, ordering, purchase, ticket posting, sale, authentication, delivery, payment, or remittance process, or any other process, or if we are no longer able to verify or authorize your credit card or bank account information, your tickets may be cancelled, we may refuse to honor all pending and future ticket purchases made with those credit card or bank accounts and/or via any online accounts associated with those credit card or bank accounts. We may also prohibit you from using the Site.

You will not use ticket bot technology to search for, reserve, or purchase tickets through the Site; for the avoidance of doubt, this specifically prohibits you from using automated ticket purchasing software on the Site, and prohibits you from circumventing any security measure, access control system, or other technological control or measure on the Site that is used to enforce posted event ticket purchasing limits or to maintain the integrity of posted online ticket purchasing order rules.

5. Forums and User Content
We may host fan reviews, message boards, blog feeds, social media feeds, and other forums found on the Site (collectively, Forums), and you may be able to submit suggestions, reviews, concepts, audio and video recordings, photographs, artwork, or other materials to the Forums or other areas of the Site (User Content).

By submitting User Content, you certify that you are at least 18 years old, or that you are at least 13 years old and have obtained your parent’s or legal guardian’s express consent to submit User Content.

You own all rights to your User Content. If you submit User Content to the Site, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, display, archive, and commercialize your User Content, in our sole discretion, in all formats and in all media channels now known or hereinafter discovered, without any compensation or acknowledgment to you or anyone else. This license will not affect your ownership in your User Content, including the right to grant additional licenses to your User Content, except if it conflicts with the Terms. We are not obligated to post, display or otherwise use any User Content, or to attribute your User Content to you. You will not make or authorize any claim against us that our use of your User Content infringes any of your rights.

Statements, opinions, and reviews posted by participants in a Forum may be inaccurate, offensive, obscene, threatening, or harassing. We do not endorse and are not responsible for these postings. We will not be liable for any loss or harm caused by the posting or your reliance on information obtained through the postings.

You will be responsible for your User Content and the consequences of posting it. By submitting User Content, you represent to us that (a) you own, or have the necessary permission to submit the User Content and to grant the licenses to us under this section, and (b) you have the written permission of every identifiable person in the User Content to use that person’s name and likeness in the manner contemplated by the Site and the Terms or, if the person is a minor, the written permission of the minor’s parent or legal guardian.

We will have the right (but not the obligation) to monitor the Site, the Forums, and the User Content, and to disclose any User Content and the circumstances surrounding its submission in order to operate the Site properly, or to protect ourselves, our sponsors, and our users, or to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests.

If we are notified that your User Content does not comply with the Terms, we may investigate the allegation and may decide to remove your User Content and cancel your account. We may also hold you liable for any User Content that infringes the rights of a third party and require you to pay or reimburse us for any amounts we believe are necessary to resolve any complaint.

6. Claims of Copyright Infringement on the Site
Under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the DMCA), if you believe in good faith that any content on the Site infringes your copyright, you may send us a notice requesting that the content be removed. The notice must include: (a) your (or your agent’s) physical or electronic signature; (b) identification of the copyrighted work on our Site that is claimed to have been infringed (or a representative list if multiple copyrighted works are included in one notification); (c) identification of the content that is claimed to be infringing or the subject of infringing activity, including information reasonably sufficient to allow us to locate the content on the Site; (d) your name, address, telephone number, and email address (if available); (e) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the content in the manner complained of is not authorized by you or your agent or the law; and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you or your agent is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. If you believe in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed against you, you may send us a counter-notice. You may read more information about the DMCA at www.copyright.gov.

Notices and counter-notices should be sent to Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. by emailing copyrightofficer@livenation.com. There can be penalties for false claims under the DMCA. We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice.

It is our policy to terminate, in appropriate circumstances, repeat infringers’ access rights to the Site.

7. Links
The Site contains links to other websites that may not be owned or operated by us. The fact that we may link to those websites does not indicate any approval or endorsement of those websites. We have no control over those websites. We are not responsible for the content of those websites, or the privacy practices of those websites. We strongly encourage you to become familiar with the terms of use and practices of any linked website. Your use of other websites is at your own risk, and is subject to the terms of those websites. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever links you select or software you download (whether from the Site or other sites) is free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses, defects, date bombs, time bombs, and other items of a destructive nature.

8. Parental Controls
We cannot prohibit minors from visiting our Site and must rely on parents and guardians to decide what materials are appropriate for children to view and purchase. There are parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software, or filtering services) available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. You can find information about parental controls at www.onguardonline.gov. We do not endorse the products or services listed at that website.

9. Access from Outside the United States
The Site is directed to people residing in the United States. We do not represent that Content available on or through the Site is appropriate or available in other locations. We may limit the availability of the Site or any service or product described on the Site to any person or geographic area at any time. If you choose to access the Site from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk.

10. Rules for Sweepstakes, Contests and Games
In addition to the Terms, sweepstakes, contests, games, or other promotions (collectively, "Promotions") made available through the Site may have specific rules that are different from the Terms. By participating in a Promotion, you will become subject to those rules. We urge you to review the rules before you participate in a Promotion. Promotion rules will control over any conflict with the Terms, except in all instances the arbitration agreement and class action waiver set forth in Section 17, below, will control and apply.

11. Mobile Messaging
We offer browsing and mobile messaging services which may include alerts, Promotions, and offers for products. You may choose to receive mobile alerts by signing up or participating in a Promotion. If you do, you authorize us to use automated technology to send messages to the mobile phone number you supply when you sign up. Your consent to receive mobile communications is never required in order to purchase something from us.

Message and data rates may apply, according to your rate plan provided by your wireless carrier. We will not be responsible for any text messaging or other wireless charges incurred by you or by a person who has access to your wireless device or telephone number. You may not receive our alerts if your carrier does not permit text alerts. Your carrier may not allow you to use pre-paid phones or calling plans to receive alerts. We may send you a bounce back message for every message you send to us. Service may not be compatible with all wireless carriers or devices.

You may opt out of any alerts by replying to an alert with the text message "STOP" or by sending the text message "STOP" to the shortcode provided. If you opt out by sending us a text message, we will send you a text to confirm your request. If you do not want to receive a confirmation text message, you may opt out by sending an email to texthelp@livenation.comwith your request and mobile device number. It may take us up to 10 days to remove your mobile device number from our database. For additional help, text "HELP" to the shortcode provided, or email texthelp@livenation.com.

You authorize your wireless carrier to disclose information about your account, such as subscriber status, payment method, and device details, if available, to support identity verification, fraud avoidance, and other uses in support of transactions for the duration of your business relationship with us. Information may also be shared with other service providers to further support identity verification and fraud prevention.

We are not responsible for the accuracy of any information displayed in our mobile messaging, for any misdelivery or untimely delivery of any mobile messaging, or for your deletion of or failure to store any mobile messaging from us.

12. Mobile Device Application
If you install or use our mobile application, software, and services, including any accompanying documentation (collectively, the "App"), we grant you a limited right to install and use the App on a single authorized device located in the United States and its territories, or in another country where we may offer the App. You may use the App for your personal, non-commercial, and entertainment purposes only. We do not grant you any rights to any related documentation, support, upgrades, maintenance, or other enhancements to the App. We will not provide you with any device, internet access, or wireless connection to use the App. We are not responsible for any interaction between you and another App user, or information you transmit through the App (including your location).

13. Violation of the Terms
We may investigate any violation of the Terms, including unauthorized use of the Site. We may provide law enforcement with information you provide to us related to your transactions to assist in any investigation or prosecution of you. We may take legal action (consistent with Section 17, below) that we feel is appropriate. You agree that monetary damages may not provide us a sufficient remedy, and that we may pursue injunctive or other relief for your violation of the Terms. If we determine that you have violated the Terms or the law, or for any other reason or for no reason, we may cancel your account, delete all your User Content, and prevent you from accessing the Site at any time without notice to you. If that happens, you may no longer use the Site or any Content. You will still be bound by your obligations under the Terms. You agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for termination of your access to the Site or to your account or any related information, and we will not be required to make the Site or your account or any related information available to you. We may also cancel any ticket or merchandise order, and tickets or merchandise acquired through your order. We may refuse to honor pending and future purchases made from all accounts we believe may be associated with you, or cancel a ticket or ticket order associated with any person we believe to be acting with you, or cancel your ticket postings, or exercise any other remedy available to us.

You agree that your abusive use of the Site may cause damage and harm to us, including impaired goodwill, lost sales, and increased expenses. You also agree that monetary damages for your abusive use of the Site are difficult to determine, and that if you, or others acting with you, request more than 1,000 pages of the Site or make more than 800 reserve requests on the Site in any 24-hour period, you, and those acting with you, will be jointly and severally liable for liquidated damages in the amount of twenty-five cents ($0.25) for each page request or reserve request made during that 24-hour period which exceeds those limits.

14. Disclaimer of Warranties
WE PROVIDE THE SITE AND THE CONTENT TO YOU "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE". WE TRY TO KEEP THE SITE UP, BUG-FREE, AND SAFE, BUT YOU USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, AND TO THE EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE LAW PERMITS THE DISCLAIMER OF EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE SITE WILL ALWAYS BE SAFE, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE SITE WILL ALWAYS FUNCTION WITHOUT DISRUPTIONS, DELAYS, OR IMPERFECTIONS. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACTIONS OR INFORMATION OF THIRD PARTIES, AND YOU RELEASE US FROM ANY CLAIMS AND DAMAGES, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ANY CLAIM YOU HAVE AGAINST ANY SUCH THIRD PARTIES. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE § 1542, WHICH SAYS: A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.

15. Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR EVENT ORGANIZERS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS, AND SPONSORS, BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR, AND YOU HEREBY KNOWINGLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO SEEK, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY TYPE, AND ANY RIGHTS TO HAVE DAMAGES MULTIPLIED OR OTHERWISE INCREASED, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE, THE CONTENT, OR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE PURCHASED THROUGH THE SITE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE CLAIM IS BASED UPON ANY CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY WHATSOEVER FOR (a) ANY FAILURE OF ANOTHER USER OF THE SITE TO CONFORM TO THE CODES OF CONDUCT, (b) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SITE, (c) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (d) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, DEFECTS, DATE BOMBS, TIME BOMBS, OR OTHER ITEMS OF A DESTRUCTIVE NATURE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SITE, (e) ANY ERRORS, MISTAKES, INACCURACIES, OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT, OR (f) ANY LOST, STOLEN, OR DAMAGED TICKETS, OR THE FAILURE OF A VENUE TO HONOR A TICKET. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE IS TO STOP USING THE SITE. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. THE ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN US IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN US. OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THE TERMS OR THE USE OF THE SITE WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID US IN THE PAST TWELVE MONTHS. IN NO EVENT WILL ATTORNEYS' FEES BE AWARDED OR RECOVERABLE. OUR LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED UNDER THIS PARAGRAPH TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, AND THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH WILL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PERMITS THE RECOVERY OF DAMAGES, ATTORNEYS' FEES, OR COSTS OTHERWISE PROHIBITED UNDER THIS PARAGRAPH.  THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH THAT (a) PROHIBIT DAMAGES TO BE MULTIPLIED OR OTHERWISE INCREASED, (b) IMPOSE A DAMAGES LIMITATION OF THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID US IN THE PAST TWELVE MONTHS, AND (c) PROHIBIT THE RECOVERY OF ATTORNEYS' FEES AND COSTS, DO NOT APPLY IN CERTAIN STATES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NEW JERSEY, TO CLAIMS BROUGHT UNDER STATUTES PERMITTING SUCH RECOVERY.

16. Indemnification
If anyone brings a claim against us related to your use of the Site, the Content, your User Content, or your violation of the Terms, you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us and our affiliated companies, Event Organizers, suppliers, advertisers, and sponsors, and each of our officers, directors, employees, and agents, harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, and expenses of any kind (including reasonable legal fees and costs). We reserve the right to take exclusive control and defense of any claim, and you will cooperate fully with us in asserting any available defenses.

17. Mandatory Arbitration Agreement and Class Action Waiver
YOU AND WE EACH AGREE THAT, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BELOW, ANY DISPUTE, CLAIM, OR CONTROVERSY RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE TERMS, YOUR USE OF THE SITE, OR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES SOLD, DISTRIBUTED, ISSUED, OR SERVICED BY OR THROUGH US—IRRESPECTIVE OF WHEN THAT DISPUTE, CLAIM, OR CONTROVERSY AROSE—WILL BE RESOLVED SOLELY BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AS SET FORTH IN THE TERMS, RATHER THAN IN COURT. YOU AND WE THEREBY EACH AGREE TO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, AND AGREE THAT YOU AND WE MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST EACH OTHER ONLY IN AN INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.

Exceptions. The arbitration agreement and class action waiver set forth in this Section 17 shall be subject to these limited exceptions:

You may assert claims in small claims court if your claims apply.

If a claim involves the conditional license granted to you as described in the Ownership of Content and Grant of Conditional License section (Section 3) above, either of us may file a lawsuit in a federal or state court located within Los Angeles County, California, and we both consent to the jurisdiction of those courts for such purposes.

In the event that the arbitration agreement in the Terms is for any reason held to be unenforceable, any litigation against us (except for small claims court actions) may be commenced only in a federal or state court located within Los Angeles County, California, and you and we each consent to the jurisdiction of those courts for such purposes.

You and we each retain the right to participate in class-wide settlement of claims.

Informal Dispute Resolution. You and we each recognize and agree that good faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often result in prompt, low-cost, and mutually beneficial outcomes. Therefore, you and we each agree that, before either of us may commence an arbitration or assert a claim in small claims court, you and we will engage in the following informal dispute resolution process:

The party seeking to initiate a claim in arbitration or small claims court (“claimant”) must give written notice to the other party (“respondent”). To notify us that you intend to initiate informal dispute resolution, you must send an email to Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. at disputes@livenation.com, providing: your full name; the email address and mailing address associated with your Live Nation or Ticketmaster account; your counsel’s name and contact information, if you are represented by counsel; and a brief description of your claim(s) and the relief sought. To notify you that we intend to initiate informal dispute resolution, we will email you at the email address associated with your Live Nation or Ticketmaster account and provide a brief description of our claim(s) and the relief sought, and our counsel’s name and contact information.

You and we will then personally meet and confer, via teleconference or videoconference, in a good faith effort to informally resolve any claim covered by this mutual arbitration agreement. If either you or us is represented by counsel, that counsel may participate in the informal dispute resolution conference.

All offers, promises, conduct, and statements made in the course of the informal dispute resolution process by any party, its agents, employees, and attorneys are confidential and not admissible for any purpose in any subsequent proceeding, provided that evidence that is otherwise admissible or discoverable shall not be rendered inadmissible or non-discoverable as a result of its use in the informal dispute resolution process.

The informal dispute resolution conference shall occur within sixty (60) days of receipt of the written notice described above, unless an extension is mutually agreed upon by you and us. If, after participating in that conference, you and we have been unable to resolve the dispute, the claimant may commence an arbitration or assert a claim in small claims court in accordance with this arbitration agreement.

Any statute of limitations will be tolled while you and we engage in the informal dispute resolution process described in this section.

Governing Law; Interpretation and Enforcement. The arbitration agreement in the Terms is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq.) (“FAA"), including its procedural provisions, in all respects. This means that the FAA governs, among other things, the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration agreement and all of its provisions, including, without limitation, the class action waiver. State arbitration laws do not govern in any respect. Further, you and we each agree that the Terms evidence a transaction involving interstate commerce, and will be governed by and construed in accordance with federal law to the fullest extent possible.

Arbitration Generally; Relief Available. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited pursuant to the FAA. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the Terms as a court would. For the avoidance of doubt, the arbitrator can award public injunctive relief if authorized by law and warranted by the individual claim(s).

Arbitration Proceedings and Rules. The following rules and procedures shall apply:

Any arbitration will be administered by New Era ADR in accordance with their Virtual Expedited Arbitration Rules and Procedures, as well as any applicable General Rules and Procedures, except as modified by the Terms. New Era ADR’s Virtual Expedited Arbitration Rules and Procedures and General Rules and Procedures are both available at www.neweraadr.com/rules-and-procedures/.

The arbitrator shall be selected pursuant to New Era ADR’s standard rank and strike process, as set forth in New Era ADR’s General Rules and Procedures.

To increase the efficiency of administration and resolution of arbitrations: in the event of a claim seeking equitable relief (including injunctive relief), the arbitrator shall bifurcate the proceeding and rule on liability first, before conducting any proceedings (including discovery) related to the appropriate relief.

Unless applicable law provides otherwise, the arbitration proceeding and all records pertaining to it—including but not limited to any documents prepared or produced in connection with the arbitration proceeding, as well as the hearing and the arbitration award—will be confidential and will not be disclosed to any third party, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award.

In the event that New Era ADR is unable to conduct the arbitration for any reason, the arbitration will be conducted by FairClaims pursuant to its FastTrack Rules & Procedures, and/or any applicable rules for consumer arbitrations, available at www.fairclaims.com. In the event that FairClaims is unable to conduct the arbitration for any reason, you and we will mutually select an alternative arbitration provider, and the arbitration will be conducted pursuant to that provider’s applicable rules. If, pursuant to this paragraph, the arbitration is conducted by an arbitration provider other than New Era ADR, references to New Era ADR and its rules in the Terms shall be construed as references to that arbitration provider and its applicable rules.

Commencing an Arbitration. A party who has complied with the informal dispute resolution provisions described above, and who wishes to start arbitration, must submit a Demand for Arbitration and a copy of the Terms to New Era ADR at app.neweraadr.com, and must also give notice to the other party. If the notice is being sent to us, it must be emailed to Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. at disputes@livenation.com. If the notice is being sent to you, it will be sent to the email address associated with your Live Nation or Ticketmaster account.

Arbitration Fees and Costs. If you commence an arbitration in accordance with the Terms, you will be required to pay New Era ADR’s $300 filing fee. You will not be responsible for paying any other fees for the arbitration, other than the filing fee; all other fees or expenses charged by New Era ADR will be paid by us (unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose). Further, if New Era ADR determines that you are unable to pay any part of the filing fee, we will pay that part too.

In the event that the arbitration is conducted by a different arbitration provider in accordance with the Terms, payment of any filing, administration, or arbitrator fees shall be governed by that provider’s rules.

You and we each agree that New Era ADR, FairClaims, JAMS, and any other arbitration provider selected pursuant to the Terms has discretion to modify the amount or timing of any fees due under any applicable rules or fee schedules, and further agree not to oppose any modifications to the timing or amount of any fees due—provided that such modifications do not increase the fees to either you or us.

Attorneys’ Fees. You are responsible for your own attorneys’ fees; we will not pay any attorneys’ fees unless ordered to do so by the arbitrator. For the avoidance of doubt, in cases where a statute gives you the right to recover attorneys’ fees if you prevail, the arbitrator may award attorneys’ fees pursuant to that statute.

Delegation; Interpretation. The arbitrator, and not any federal, state or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to the extent permitted by law to resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any claim that all or any part of this Agreement is void or voidable; however, in the event of a dispute about which particular version of this Agreement you agreed to, a court will decide that specific question. This arbitration agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted and will survive termination of the Terms.

Limited Right to Appeal. As explained above, court review of the arbitrator’s decision is limited pursuant to the FAA; however, the Terms provide a limited right to appeal the arbitrator’s decision to a panel of JAMS arbitrators, as set forth in this sub-section. Specifically, in the event that the arbitrator awards injunctive relief against either you or us, the party against whom injunctive relief was awarded may—within 21 days of the arbitrator’s final decision—appeal that decision to JAMS, in accordance with the following procedure:

Except as otherwise provided by the Terms, the appeal will be conducted pursuant to the JAMS Optional Arbitration Appeal Procedure, available at www.jamsadr.com.

To commence an appeal, a party must submit the Demand for Arbitration Form available at www.jamsadr.com, and must also provide notice to the other party in the manner described above in this section.

The JAMS appeal panel will consist of arbitrators who are either (a) retired state or federal judges or (b) licensed attorneys with at least 20 years of active litigation experience and substantial expertise in the substantive laws applicable to the subject matter of the dispute.

The JAMS appeal panel will conduct a de novo review of the arbitrator’s decision. 

Except as provided in the FAA, there will be no right of appeal from the JAMS appeal panel’s decision.

Special Provision Regarding Resale Tickets for Events Located in Illinois. Solely for the purpose of complying with the Illinois Ticket Sale and Resale Act, 815 ILCS 414/1.5 et seq., if your dispute regards the resale of a ticket for any event located in the State of Illinois, then the following applies: You may submit any complaint you may have to New Era ADR as an arbitration demand, in accordance with the rules and procedures outlined in this section, and any such claims shall be decided by an independent arbitrator in accordance with the Terms. Without waiving the agreement to arbitrate or any other terms in this Section 17, you also agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the State of Illinois for any complaints involving a ticketed event held in Illinois. For the sake of clarity, your agreement to submit to the jurisdiction of the State of Illinois for any complaint involving a ticketed event held in Illinois does not in any way waive your and our agreement to arbitrate, or the scope of arbitration, but simply means that—for any court proceeding that may take place in conjunction with an arbitration (e.g., a motion to enforce an arbitration award), or in the event the arbitration agreement is held unenforceable—you agree to submit to jurisdiction in Illinois. If you have an inquiry regarding a ticket resale transaction made for any event located in Illinois, please contact us at 550 W. Van Buren Street, 13th Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60607 or (877) 446-9450.

18. No Reliance and Forward-Looking Statements
The information contained on the Site may not be current and should not be used or relied on for any investment decision regarding our securities or for any similar purpose. We file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements, and other information with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Copies of our filings are available at www.investors.livenationentertainment.com and also at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.

Statements on the Site regarding our financial condition, results of operations and business, and our expectations or beliefs concerning future events that are not historical facts are “Forward-Looking Statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Use of the words “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “estimates,” or words of similar meaning are intended to identify Forward-Looking Statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. We caution you that there are some known and unknown factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such Forward-Looking Statements, including but not limited to economic, competitive, governmental, and technological factors affecting our operations, markets, products, services, and prices, as well as the risks and uncertainties set forth in the documents we file with the SEC, specifically the section titled “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any Forward-Looking Statements because of new information, future events, or otherwise.

19. Severability
It is our belief that the Terms do not contain any provision contrary to law. However, if any part of the Terms is determined to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, you agree that: (a) that part shall nevertheless be enforced to the extent permissible in order to effect the intent of the Terms, and (b) the remaining parts shall be deemed valid and enforceable.

20. Questions
If you have any questions, comments, or complaints regarding the Terms or the Site, please contact us at:

Live Nation Entertainment, Inc.
Attn: General Counsel
9348 Civic Center Drive
Beverly Hills, CA 90210
(800) 653-8000
LNELegal@livenation.com

California users may also contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services, California Department of Consumer Affairs, located at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, (800) 952-5210.
-
Purchase Policy
Last updated: January 1, 2021

Our goal is to make your purchasing experience easy, efficient, and equitable, so we can get you on your way to live events as quickly as possible. The following policy is designed to ensure your satisfaction and understanding of the purchase process on our sites and mobile applications, including without limitation www.ticketmaster.com, www.livenation.com, www.ticketmaster.ca, and www.ticketexchangebyticketmaster.com (collectively, the “Site”). This Purchase Policy applies to any purchases on our Site made on or after January 1, 2021, including any primary ticket sales and ticket resale transactions, such as Fan-to-Fan. Please also review our Terms of Use, which govern your use of our Site, and your purchase, possession, or use of any Live Nation or Ticketmaster tickets, products, or services. If you have any questions, please contact us.

1.      Currency
2.      Payment Methods
3.      Who You Are Buying From
4.      Pricing and Availability
5.      Order Confirmation and Processing
6.      Service Fees, Order Processing Fees, Taxes, and Shipping Charges
7.      Number of Tickets or “Ticket Limits”
8.      Ticket Transfer
9.      Opening Acts / Festival Acts
10.    Canceled, Postponed, Rescheduled, and Moved Events
11.    Refunds, Credits, and Exchanges
12.    Special Refund Provisions Applying to Resale Ticket Purchases for Events in Illinois or New York
13.    Account, Order, and Billing Information Verification
14.    Delivery Options
15.    Pricing and Other Errors
16.    Multiple Browser Windows
17.    Limitation of Liability
18.    License; Ejection and Cancelation; No Redemption Value
19.    Recording, Transmission and Exhibition
20.    You Are Subject to Search
21.    Unlawful Resale of Tickets; Promotions

1. Currency
All ticket prices for events that occur in the United States are stated in U.S. Dollars. All ticket prices for events that occur in Canada are stated in Canadian Dollars.

2. Payment Methods
We accept several methods of payment to accommodate your needs, including (among others) American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and, for qualifying events, Ticketmaster and Live Nation gift cards and/or Ticketmaster Ticket Cash® and Live Nation Concert Cash®. 

3. Who You Are Buying From
We act as the agent to those who provide events, such as artists, venues, teams, fan clubs, promoters, and leagues (the “Event Organizer”). We generally sell tickets on behalf of the Event Organizer, though, in some rare instances, we may own a small number of tickets as part of our services contract with the Event Organizer. When you purchase a ticket for an event that is located in the United States, Ticketmaster LLC will be handling the transaction and collecting payment for the Event Organizer. When you purchase a ticket for an event that is located in Canada, Ticketmaster Canada Ltd. will be handling the transaction and collecting payment for the Event Organizer.

If you purchase a resale ticket through our Site, you will be purchasing that ticket from either (a) a reseller who is not an Event Organizer, such as other fans, season ticket holders, or professional resellers, or (b) in limited circumstances, the Event Organizer. Tickets that are obtained from unauthorized sources, and not directly through our Site, may be lost, stolen, or counterfeit, and, if so, are void.

4. Pricing and Availability
We sell tickets on behalf of Event Organizers, which means we do not set the ticket prices or determine seating locations. Event Organizers typically set the face price of their tickets. Tickets are generally sold through several distribution points, including websites, apps, and box offices. Most distribution points generally access the same ticketing system and inventory; therefore, tickets for popular events may sell out quickly. Occasionally, additional tickets may be available prior to the event. However, we do not control this inventory or its availability. Check out our FAQs section for more information on ticket availability.

Similarly, we facilitate third party ticket resale transactions, but do not set the ticket prices or determine seating locations of those resale tickets. Please be aware that resale tickets are often posted for sale on our site at prices that are higher than their original prices. THE PRICE THAT YOU PAY FOR RESALE TICKETS MAY THEREFORE BE SUBSTANTIALLY HIGHER THAN THE FACE VALUE PRINTED ON THE TICKETS.

Further, with respect to resale tickets purchased from the Site: Market prices are subject to change at any time prior to Order Confirmation, and we do not guarantee that you will be able to purchase the tickets for the prices shown on our Site, or that such tickets will be available, until Order Confirmation. We are not responsible for any typographical or system errors within the inventory listed for sale. If an error is found while processing your order, you will be notified of the error and a substitution will be made when available, at no additional cost, or we will issue a refund. Please check your tickets carefully once they arrive, and please contact us if you have any questions regarding the tickets you received. We may charge fulfillment, shipping, service, or other fees for using our services. We may change such fees at any time, including after you post your tickets.

5. Order Confirmation and Processing
Your order is confirmed when we send you a confirmation, in the form of a confirmation page or email (“Order Confirmation”).

If you do not receive an Order Confirmation after submitting payment information, or if you experience an error message or service interruption after submitting payment information, it is your responsibility to confirm via your account whether or not your order has been placed. Only you may be aware of any problems that may occur during the purchase process. We will not be responsible for losses (monetary or otherwise) if you assume that an order was not placed because you failed to receive confirmation.

With respect to resale ticket purchases from TicketExchangebyTicketmaster.com: Immediately after you submit your request for tickets, we will send you an email notifying you that we have received your request. This does not confirm ticket availability or prices. It only indicates that we have received your request for those tickets, and have begun the process of seeking to secure the requested tickets. Once the requested tickets have been secured by us, your credit card or other method of payment used at time of purchase will be charged, and we will send an Order Confirmation confirming that your request has been finalized, and that we have purchased the tickets on your behalf. You should also receive a copy of your invoice. In some instances, where the electronic ticket is not yet available, the delivery update acts as your confirmation until the ticket is delivered. Your order may be finalized even if you do not receive an Order Confirmation, finalized invoice, or updated status email from us. If you have not heard from us, or have only received a confirmation that we received your ticket request, please contact us to check on your order. NEVER make an assumption about the status of your order because you have not been contacted by us. Orders cannot be canceled due to problems with receipt of emails.

6. Service Fees, Order Processing Fees, Taxes, and Shipping Charges
Tickets purchased on our Site are typically subject to, among other possible fees, a per ticket service fee and a per order processing fee. In some instances, you may be able to purchase tickets directly from the venue box office without paying our service fee. We collect tax as required by state and local laws. We may display the tax separately or include it in the total service fee amount. In many cases, you may need to pay a shipping or delivery fee. Any shipping or delivery charges are calculated based on delivery location and shipping method. Please note that the delivery fee, as well as the order processing fee, may not reflect the actual cost to deliver or process your order, and in some cases, these fees may include a profit to Ticketmaster.

Resale tickets are also typically subject to a per ticket service fee and a per order processing fee. Per state and local laws, some resale tickets are subject to tax, which we either display separately or include in the total service fee amount. Service fees and order processing fees may be subject to change.

7. Number of Tickets or “Ticket Limits”
When purchasing tickets on our Site, you are limited to a specified number of tickets for each event (also known as a “ticket limit”). This ticket limit is posted during the purchase process and verified with every transaction. This policy is in effect to discourage unfair ticket buying practices. Each account must be linked to a unique individual, and must contain valid and verifiable information. Multiple accounts may not be used to circumvent or exceed published ticket limits. If you exceed or attempt to exceed the posted ticket limits, we reserve the right to cancel, without notice, any or all orders and tickets, in addition to prohibiting your ticket purchasing abilities. Any tickets canceled due to violating the posted ticket limit may be refunded at face value (excluding fees). This includes orders associated with the same name, e-mail address, billing address, credit card number, or other information.

8. Ticket Transfer
Ticket Transfer is a safe and easy way to transfer (send) tickets digitally to another person. If your tickets are eligible for transfer, you can send them to friend or family member from your online account. If you are a Ticket Transfer recipient, meaning someone you know and trust is transferring their tickets to you, you will be able to accept them in your online account. More information can be found in our Ticket Transfer FAQ.

Once a recipient accepts a Ticket Transfer, a new barcode is issued and the sender’s tickets are invalid. If a ticket has been transferred multiple times, only the ticket from the last transfer will be valid for event entry. All previous ticket barcodes will be invalidated.

The sender can modify or cancel a Ticket Transfer before the recipient accepts the transfer, not after. Please note that we may cancel transferred tickets, at any time, if we determine that they were obtained fraudulently or otherwise in violation of our policies; therefore, it is important that you know and trust the individual transferring tickets to you before accepting them.

Recipients can choose only Mobile or Print-at-Home delivery (if the event offers it). All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable. Ticket insurance will not apply to transferred tickets.

If an event is canceled, postponed, rescheduled or moved, and refunds are approved by the Event Organizer, only the original purchaser—i.e., the person who purchased the tickets at issue directly from our Site—will be eligible for any available refunds or credits.

For canceled events, the original purchaser will receive any available refund (or may take advantage of an optional credit offer, if available), and no additional action is needed from the recipient of the transferred tickets.
For postponed, rescheduled, or moved events, recipients of the transferred tickets will need to transfer the tickets back to the original purchaser in order for the original purchaser to take advantage of any available refund and/or credit options. Once the tickets have been transferred back to the original purchaser, the original purchaser will need to contact Fan Support to complete their request.

Please see the Canceled, Postponed, Rescheduled and Moved Events section, below, for more information on when refunds and/or credits may be available.

Please note that recipients of any transferred tickets are not eligible for any available refunds or credits, because the transfer recipient did not purchase tickets directly from our Site. If you purchased a resale ticket from some other source (i.e., not through our Site), and that ticket was then transferred to you, you will need to reach out to your original point of purchase for any refund and/or credit options, if available.

9. Opening Acts / Festival Acts
Opening acts, guests, or undercards (each an “Opening Act”) may sometimes tour with headlining performers. We are not always made aware of Opening Acts or the length of their performances. Opening Acts, as well as festival performers, are subject to change or cancelation at any time without notice. No refund will be owed if an Opening Act or festival performer is changed or canceled.

10. Canceled, Postponed, Rescheduled, and Moved Events
Occasionally, events are canceled, postponed, rescheduled to a different date or materially different time, or moved to a different venue:

If the event is canceled: no action is required to obtain a refund; we will issue a refund to the original method of payment used at time of purchase, once funds are received from the Event Organizer. In some cases, the Event Organizer may also give you the option to choose either a credit or a refund; if so, we will send you a notification explaining your options, and how to submit a request for a credit.

If you have sold your tickets for the canceled event through Ticketmaster.com, Ticketmaster.ca, or Livenation.com (i.e., you resold your tickets through one of those sites, and you’ve been paid for them), your credit card on file will be charged to refund the buyer of your tickets and, if successful, the tickets will be placed back on your account. Then, you’ll receive a refund for your original purchase (to the original method of payment used at the time of that purchase) once funds are received from the Event Organizer. No action is required for you to receive the refund. In some cases, the Event Organizer may also give you the option to choose either a credit or a refund; if so, we will send you a notification explaining your options, and how to submit a request for a credit.

If the event is postponed, rescheduled, or moved: your ticket(s) (including any additional add-ons or upgrades, such as parking) are still valid, and no further action is required. However, the Event Organizer may approve refunds, or the option to choose between a refund or a credit, for the event; any refund and/or credit policies are determined on an event-by-event basis by the Event Organizer, and may be subject to limitations set by the Event Organizer. If the Event Organizer approves refunds and/or credits, we will send you a notification explaining your options, and you may submit a request for a refund or credit. Alternatively, you may simply keep your ticket(s) to the postponed, rescheduled, or moved event.

If you have sold your tickets for the postponed, rescheduled, or moved event through Ticketmaster.com, Ticketmaster.ca, or Livenation.com (i.e., you resold your tickets through one of those sites, and you’ve been paid for them), your tickets will be returned to your account if: (1) the Event Organizer has authorized refunds, and (2) the buyer has requested a refund. Should this occur, your credit card will be charged to refund the fan who purchased your tickets. If successful, the tickets will be placed back on your account, and you may have the option to request a refund or credit, keep your tickets for the event, or, if available, repost your tickets for sale. Please note that any refund and/or credit policies are determined on an event-by-event basis by the Event Organizer, and may be subject to limitations set by the Event Organizer.

If your event is canceled, postponed, rescheduled, or moved, we will attempt to contact you to update you on the status of the event, and inform you of any refund, credit, or exchange procedures. For exact instructions on any particular canceled, postponed, rescheduled, or moved event, please check the event information online and in your account (which will include the most current information on the status of the event), or contact us.

We will not be liable for travel or any other expenses that you or anyone else incurs in connection with a canceled, postponed, rescheduled, or moved event.

Special note about tickets purchased from TicketExchangebyTicketmaster.com: As we are not able to recover our costs on the tickets that we acquired for you, we are unable to offer customers refunds on postponed, rescheduled, or moved events (with limited exceptions, to be determined by the Event Organizer on an event-by event basis).

Special note about tickets purchased for Major League Baseball games and the US Open: All event refund, credit, and/or exchange policies for MLB games and the US Open—including for canceled, postponed, rescheduled, or moved events—are subject to polices set for by the Event Organizer, and are determined on an event-by-event basis by the Event Organizer.

Special note about hard stock, third-party resale tickets: If you purchased hard stock, third-party resale tickets from our Site, and those tickets were sent to you via expedited delivery, they must be returned to us (at the address below) before we can process your refund. We recommend that you send the tickets via certified mail or any carrier that provides proof of delivery. Once we receive the tickets, we’ll reroute them to the seller so they can be refunded by the original ticket provider. Please send your printed tickets to:

Third-Party Resale Fan Support
[Event Name] Refund
1000 Corporate Landing
Charleston, WV 25311

11. Refunds, Credits, and Exchanges
All sales are final and refunds are only allowed in limited circumstances, as explained in this section and the Canceled, Postponed, Rescheduled and Moved Events section above. Before purchasing tickets, carefully review your event and seat selection. Policies set forth by Event Organizers generally prohibit us from issuing exchanges or refunds after a ticket has been purchased, or for lost, stolen, damaged, or destroyed tickets. Tickets therefore cannot be replaced if they are lost, stolen, or damaged.

Refunds. If your event is eligible for refunds and funds have been received from the Event Organizer, we will issue a refund of the ticket price you paid (or, for a discounted ticket, then instead the discounted ticket price paid), any service fees, and any additional add-ons or upgrades (such as parking). In no event will expedited shipping charges, merchandise purchases, Fan Club membership fees, or any other amounts be refunded.

If a refund is issued, it will be processed to the original method of payment used at time of purchase. We cannot issue a refund to a different credit or debit card (this includes refund requests made through the self-service option). If your credit card or debit card number has changed, but is for the same account (e.g., a new card has been issued for the same account), the refund will be processed to that account.

For any ticket insurance refunds, please contact the insurance provider.

Please note that seating maps are representative of a venue’s layout; however, they are subject to change at any time, and refunds are not allowed if the seating map is updated, if additional seats / rows are added, or if seats change as a result of a venue change after purchase.

We may occasionally offer tickets at a discount after the original on-sale date, and will not refund the difference between the original price and the sale price. In addition, there are no refunds, returns, or exchanges for digital downloads or hotel / festival packages.

If there is an account, or accounts, that have outstanding balances owed to Ticketmaster, Ticketmaster reserves the right to hold any and all refunds for said accounts until such time as no outstanding balances remain.

Credits. The Event Organizer may provide the option to request a credit for canceled, postponed, rescheduled, or moved events; if so, we will send you a notification, and you can submit a request for credit in your account. Credits are provided by the Event Organizer, and not by Ticketmaster. Credits may be applied toward the purchase of eligible event tickets and ancillary purchases (such as parking) at the same venue (or, in some cases, at one of a number of venues designated by the Event Organizer) during the timeframe specified by the Event Organizer. Credits cannot be used for resale tickets, third-party tickets, ticket insurance, or gift cards. The Event Organizer will determine which future events, venues, and ancillary purchases are eligible, as well as the amount of the credit (including any potential promotional amount). The amount of the credit will always include at least 100% of the price of the original ticket(s), plus fees and taxes. The amount of the credit will not include any additional add-ons or upgrades included in your original purchase (such as parking), which will be refunded to your original method of payment used at time of purchase. Once you’ve requested to receive credit and we’ve verified your order is eligible for credit, we’ll send you a credit code which you can use for eligible purchases, along with instructions for redeeming that credit. Please note that credits typically have an expiration date, and must be used before that date. The email that you received with your credit code will contain the expiration date for your credit; you can also find the expiration date in your online account, under “Gift Cards & Codes.”

Credits are non-transferable, may not be sold, are not redeemable for cash, and may not be combined with other promotions. Credits may not be applied to previously placed orders and may not be redeemed to purchase tickets for the same event as the tickets in your original purchase for which you accepted the credit.

Please note that, if the Event Organizer offers you a choice of either a refund or a credit, you cannot get a partial refund; whatever selection you make (i.e., refund or credit) will apply to your entire order, and cannot be split between refund and credit. Any and all requests for a refund or credit are final and cannot be changed once initiated.

For more information on refunds or credits for events that were canceled, postponed, rescheduled, or moved due to the COVID-19 pandemic, please see the Terms Regarding Certain Canceled, Rescheduled and Postponed Events (COVID-19).

Exchanges. For many events, certain tickets may be exchanged for tickets from us of equal or higher price. A per ticket exchange fee may apply. Exchanges are not available for: (a) tickets purchased through resale, (b) VIP and other premium tickets, or (c) tickets purchased with additional related items and/or bundled products, or (d) tickets for events that are less than 24 hours away.

Merchandise. All merchandise purchases are final, and in no event will there be refunds, exchanges, or credits for merchandise purchases.

Chargebacks and Other Refund Prohibitions. You agree that you will not attempt to evade, avoid, or circumvent any refund prohibitions in any manner with regard to tickets you purchased. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you will not contact us to seek a refund or exchange from us when we are prohibited from providing one by the Event Organizer, and you will not dispute or otherwise seek a “chargeback” from the company whose credit card or other method of payment you used to purchase tickets from the Site. Should you do so, your tickets are subject to immediate cancelation, and we may, in our sole discretion, refuse to honor pending and future ticket purchases made from all credit card accounts or online accounts on which such chargebacks have been made, and may prohibit future purchases from all persons in whose name the credit card accounts exist, and from any person who accesses any associated online account or credit card or who otherwise breaches this provision from using the Site.

Special note about resale tickets purchased from TicketExchangebyTicketmaster.com: except for canceled events (as explained in Canceled, Postponed, Rescheduled and Moved Events, above), there are no refunds, exchanges, or cancelations once a request is submitted to us. This policy is in place because, when you place your ticket request on TicketExchangebyTicketmaster.com, we attempt to secure and acquire those tickets for you from a ticket seller and are not able to recover our costs. To be clear: if we have provided you with an Order Confirmation email for your TicketExchange purchase, even though you may have not received your requested tickets, we have already committed to acquiring and securing those tickets for you. Please order tickets only after you are certain you want them.

12. Special Refund Provisions Applying to Resale Ticket Purchases for Events in Illinois or New York
The following applies only to resale tickets to Illinois events: If you purchase resale tickets to an event located in Illinois, you will receive a refund of the amount you paid for that resale ticket if: (a) the ticketed event is canceled (in which case you will not receive a refund of any shipping or delivery fees); (b) that ticket does not allow you to enter the ticketed event for reasons that may include, without limitation, that the ticket is counterfeit or has been canceled by the issuer due to non-payment, unless the ticket is canceled due to an act or omission by you; (c) the ticket fails to conform to its listing description; or (d) you failed to receive that ticket.

The following applies only to resale tickets to New York events: If you purchase a resale ticket to an event located in New York, you will receive a refund of the amount you paid for that resale ticket if: (a) the ticketed event is canceled (in which case you will not receive a refund of any shipping or delivery fees); (b) that ticket does not allow you to enter the ticketed event for reasons that may include, without limitation, that the ticket is counterfeit or has been canceled by the issuer due to non-payment, or that the event described on the ticket was canceled for any reason prior to purchase of the resold ticket, unless the ticket is canceled due to an act or omission by you; or (c) that ticket fails to conform to its listing description, unless you have pre-approved a substitution of tickets.

13. Account, Order, and Billing Information Verification
All information on accounts and orders must be valid and are subject to verification. Orders are subject to credit card approval, and are processed only after the billing address associated with your credit card and other billing information have been verified. Orders that are placed, or attempted to be placed, using an account with any information that is found to be false, misleading, incorrect, or incomplete, or that cannot be verified as belonging to the account holder—such as name, address, email address, phone number, IP address, or other account or billing information—are subject to cancelation, at any time. Furthermore, if your order is canceled for any of the foregoing reasons, we may sell your tickets to another customer without further notice.

14. Delivery Options
Different combinations of delivery methods may be offered, depending on a number of factors—including (but not limited to) the venue or country where the event is to be held, the country in which you live, whether the event is in person or virtual, how much time is left before the event starts, whether it is a holiday season, and the nature of the demand for the event. Delivery options are determined by the Event Provider and can vary from event to event. Please carefully review the list of delivery methods offered during the purchase process. For security purposes, we can only ship tickets to the billing address on file with the method of payment that is used for your purchase.

Generally, some of the following delivery methods may be offered:

Mobile - for events that occur in the United States or Canada.

US Mail - for events that occur in the United States or Canada, but only if you place your ticket order such that there is enough time for you to receive the tickets (which will be shipped via USPS First Class Mail) prior to the date of the event. For this reason, we don’t offer US Mail delivery within 10 days of an event date. If the event is in the United States, then you will only be able to use this delivery method if you have a United States or Canadian billing address.

Print-at-Home - for events that occur in the United States or Canada.

Will Call - for events that occur in the United States or Canada.

Courier Delivery - for events that occur in Canada, but only for purchasers who use a Canadian billing address.

Expedited Delivery - for events that occur in the United States, but only for purchasers who use a United States billing address.

Shipping to APO/FPO Addresses - for events that occur in the United States, tickets can be delivered to an Armed Forces billing address via US mail. You may also choose other delivery options available for your event. Orders shipped via expedited delivery cannot be delivered to a P.O. Box or APO/FPO address.

Special note about delivery of tickets purchased from TicketExchangebyTicketmaster.com: TicketExchange offer two types of ticket listings: (a) tickets that are marked as available for instant delivery (typically emailed within minutes of placing your order); and (b) tickets that are owned by the reseller, but that are not available for immediate delivery (a specific delivery date is noted in the listing).

15. Pricing and Other Errors
If the amount you pay for a ticket is incorrect (regardless of whether it is incorrect because of an error in a price posted on the Site or otherwise communicated to you), if you are able to order a ticket before its scheduled on-sale or presale date, or if you are able to order a ticket that was not supposed to have been released for sale, then we will have the right to cancel that ticket (or the order for that ticket) and refund to you the amount that you paid. This will apply regardless of whether the error occurred because of human error or a transactional malfunction of the Site or other Ticketmaster operated system. We will not be liable for travel or any other expenses that you, or anyone else, incurs in connection with errors of this nature. If a refund is processed in error, or a refund exceeds the original amount paid, we reserve the right to recharge the original method of payment used at time of purchase.

16. Multiple Browser Windows
When ordering tickets online with us, please ensure you are looking for tickets and placing an order using only one browser window. Looking up tickets using multiple browser windows could result in losing your tickets, errors occurring during the purchase process, or timer expiration.

17. Limitation of Liability
Balls, pucks, and other objects may fly into the spectator area during an event. Despite spectator shielding, injury can occur. Stay alert at all times before, during, and after play or performance. If struck, immediately ask an usher for directions to a medical station. You voluntarily assume all risks and danger incidental to the event for which the ticket is issued, whether occurring before, during or after the event, and you waive any claims for personal injury or death against us, management, facilities, leagues, artists, other participants, and all of our respective parents, affiliated entities, agents, officers, directors, owners, and employees on behalf of yourself and any accompanying minor. You bear all risks of inclement weather. Event date and time are subject to change. Please see the Limitation of Liability section in the Terms of Use for additional limits on our liability.

You assume all risks, hazards, and dangers arising from or relating in any way to the risk of contracting a communicable disease or illness—including, without limitation, exposure to COVID-19 or any other bacteria, virus, or other pathogen capable of causing a communicable disease or illness, whether that exposure occurs before, during, or after the event, and regardless of how caused or contracted—and you hereby waive any and all claims and potential claims against Ticketmaster, Live Nation, and the Event Organizer—and against any companies affiliated with Ticketmaster, Live Nation, or the Event Organizer—relating to such risks, hazards, and dangers.

18. License; Ejection and Cancelation; No Redemption Value
You agree to comply with all of the Event Organizer’s applicable rules, policies, terms, and conditions (“Event Organizer Rules”). The Event Organizer reserves the right, without refund of any amount paid, to refuse admission to, or eject, any person whose conduct management deems disorderly, who uses vulgar or abusive language, or who fails to comply with Event Organizer Rules. Breach of terms or rules will terminate your license to attend the event without refund. A ticket is a revocable license and admission may be refused. A ticket is not redeemable for cash.

19. Recording, Transmission and Exhibition
You agree that the event for which you purchase tickets is a public event, that your appearance and actions inside and outside the venue where the event occurs are public in nature, and that you have no expectation of privacy with regard to your actions or conduct at the event. You grant permission to us, the Event Organizer(s), our partners, licensees and assigns, including but not limited to our brand and media partners, to utilize your name, image, likeness, acts, poses, plays, appearance, movements, and statements in any live or recorded audio, video, or photographic display or other transmission, exhibition, publication or reproduction made of, or at, the event (regardless of whether before, during or after play or performance) for any purpose, in any manner, in any medium or context now known or hereafter developed, without further authorization from, or compensation to, you or anyone acting on your behalf. In the case of virtual events, you may view the virtual event solely for your own personal purpose. You may not record, copy, publicly exhibit, transmit, or distribute any virtual event through any means, resell views of any virtual event, or allow others to log into your account for the purpose of watching a virtual event.

20. You Are Subject to Search
You and your belongings may be searched on entry to the event. You consent to such searches and waive any related claims that may arise. If you elect not to consent to such searches, you may be denied entry to the event without refund or other compensation. Under certain facility rules, certain items may not be brought into the premises, including without limitation: firearms, alcohol, drugs, controlled substances, cameras, recording devices, laser pointers, strobe lights, irritants (e.g., artificial noisemakers), bundles and containers.

21. Unlawful Resale of Tickets; Promotions
Unlawful resale (or attempted unlawful resale) of tickets, including but not limited to counterfeit or copy of tickets, is grounds for seizure and cancelation without compensation. Certain maximum resale premiums and restrictions may apply in some states, and we cannot be responsible for providing legal advice regarding resale or pricing of tickets. You are responsible for complying with all applicable ticket resale laws. In addition, we reserve the right to restrict or deny ticket purchasing privileges to anyone that we determine to be, or to have been, in violation of our policies. Because we do not guarantee the authenticity of tickets purchased from any non-authorized third party reseller (such as brokers or individuals), we recommend that you purchase tickets directly through us, through authorized partners, or from the venue box office to ensure ticket authenticity. Tickets may not be used for advertising, promotions, contests, or sweepstakes, unless formal written authorization is given by us.
-
Live Nation Entertainment Privacy Policy
Effective Date: December 1, 2022

This Privacy Policy applies to the sites and apps where it appears.
This Policy describes how we treat personal information we collect both online and offline. This includes on our websites and in our apps. It also includes at our box offices or in phone or email interactions you have with us.

Our Privacy Policy has been designed with you in mind. How the policy applies to you will depend on the way in which you interact with us. For example, if you:

Purchase a ticket from us, we will use the information you provide us to fulfill our obligations to you in delivering that service, and, where permitted, keep you up to date about other events that may be of interest to you; and
When you browse our sites, we use cookies to tailor your experience and hopefully provide you with a seamless experience.
Your choices and rights under each scenario are explained in more detail below. Click on "Learn More" under each icon for more information or scroll down to read the full policy

 What Information We Have & Where We Get It
We collect and store different types of information about you when you create an account, buy tickets, contact us, and use our websites, apps and social media.
Learn More

 How We Use Your Information & Why
We collect and use your information for lots of reasons such as helping you get into the shows you love, sharing news, for marketing and as otherwise required by law.
Learn More

 Who We Share Your Data With & Why
We may share your information with the event providers as well as other third parties associated with the service provided.
Learn More

 Your Choices & Rights
Among other rights, you can choose whether to receive marketing from us. You also have the right to access the information we have about you.
Learn More

 Looking After Your Information
We take steps to try to make sure your information is protected and to delete it securely when we no longer need it.
Learn More

 Contact Us
If you have any questions or feedback about this notice, or how we handle your information, get in touch with us.
Learn More

What Information We Have & Where We Get It
We collect information from and about you.

Contact and billing information. When you create an account, buy a ticket or have a ticket transferred to you by a friend, we will collect your contact and billing information, such as your name, street address, zip code, email, phone number and credit card number.

Information you post. We collect information you post in a public space on our website or on a third-party social media site.

Demographic information. We might collect information like your age range, race, or gender, or information about events you like or products you buy. We might collect this as part of a survey, for example.

Accessibility Information. We may collect details of your health requirements if you have accessibility requirements when attending events.

Security Information. We may collect personal information on incidents and accidents that occur in our venues that may include the use of closed-circuit television video (CCTV), video taken from security cameras, photographs and pertinent personal information regarding accidents/injuries that may have occurred at the venue(s).

Information used for health/safety purposes. We may collect information from ticket purchasers and attendees for compliance purposes related to infectious disease to the extent required under applicable law. This information may include names, contact details, seat locations, along with entry and exit times.

In situations where a third party for an event organizer requires the collection of health information (such as test results), please refer to their privacy policy and terms to understand how your data was collected and used.

Other information. We may collect information about the browser and device you're using, your IP address, your location, the site you came from, the site you visit when you leave us, and how you used or didn't use our site or app. We may collect this using technology such as GPS and Wi-Fi

We collect information in different ways.

We collect information directly from you. For example, if you buy tickets or register for a promotion. We also collect information if you post a comment on our websites or ask us a question.

We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons. To learn more about these tools and to control them, please click here. We also collect information from our apps.

We get information about you from third parties. For example, if you use a social media feature within our websites or apps or post to a social media platform, the social media site will give us some information about you.

How We Use Your Information & Why
We use information as disclosed and described here.

We use information to provide you with products and services. We use your information to process your order and provide you with customer support. This includes sending you emails about your account or a ticket purchase. We might also contact you about this policy or our website terms.

We use information to respond to your requests or questions. For example, we might use your information to confirm your registration for an event or contest. You may give us your friend's information, for example via our referral service to tell a friend about our website or to purchase a gift card. We will only use your friend's information to provide services you requested. Your friend may contact us at privacy@livenation.com to ask us to delete their information.

We use information to improve our products and services. We might use your information to customize your experience with us. This could include displaying content based upon your preferences.

We may use your information to make our website, products, and services better. We may combine information we get from you with information about you we get from third parties.

We use information for security purposes. We use information to protect our company, our venues, our customers, and our websites. This includes to detect or prevent unlawful behavior.

We use information for health/safety purposes. Any information required to be collected for purposes of compliance with applicable health and safety requirements, will only be used to contact attendees or shared with.

We use information for marketing purposes. For example, we might send you information about special promotions or offers. We might also tell you about new features or products. These might be our own offers or products, or third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting. Or, for example, if you buy tickets from us we'll enroll you in our newsletter. To learn about your choices for these communications, read the choices section below.

We may also use push notifications on our mobile apps. We may use push notifications and your location information in our apps to send you alerts regarding local events.

We use information as otherwise permitted by law or as we may notify you.

We keep your information as long as it is necessary or relevant for our business. We also keep information to resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and otherwise required by law.

Who We Share Your Data With & Why
We may share information with third parties.

We will share information within the Live Nation family of companies. This may include Ticketmaster and Live Nation-owned or operated venues, for example.

We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with vendors who help us manage our IT infrastructure or who fulfill your purchases. Some vendors may be located outside of the United States.

We will share information with our business partners. This includes a third party who provides an event such as the artist, promoter or team, or sponsors an event, or who operates a venue where we hold events. This may also include third party advertisers who may collect information when you interact with our site.  Our partners use this information as described in their privacy policies, which may include sending you marketing communications. You should read those polices to learn how they treat your information.

We will share information with third parties who sell products or services to you. We will disclose your information to a ticket buyer or seller for order fulfillment purposes if you buy or sell tickets via our resale platform, or with a third party who provides you with ticket insurance or merchandise, for example.

We may share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may also share information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it. Or, we might also share information when we are investigating potential fraud.

We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business is sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction.

We may share your information for reasons not described in this policy. We will tell you before we do this.

Your Choices & Rights
You have certain choices about how we use your information.

You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails. To stop receiving our promotional emails, click here or follow the instructions in any marketing email you get from us. You can also change your preferences in your account. It may take about ten days to process your request. Even if you opt out of getting marketing emails, we will still be sure to send you transactional messages. For example, we may still contact you about your orders.

You can control cookies and tracking tools. To learn how to manage how we - and our vendors - use cookies and other tracking tools, please click here.

You can control tools on your mobile devices. For example, you can turn off the GPS locator or push notifications on your device.

Your Privacy Rights.

You have choices about how to control the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information.

Depending on where you live, you may have specific rights around your personal information. Below we explain what those rights are and how you can exercise them:

Disclosure. You have the right to request a report showing the personal information collected, shared, and sold about you.
Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information collected from or about you.
Correction. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information collected from or about you.
Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing or Processing. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal data. You also have the right to opt out of the processing of your data for targeted advertising or profiling purposes.
Non-Discrimination. We shall not discriminate against you based on your exercise of any of the above rights.
You may submit a request to exercise any of the above rights by clicking here, calling us at 855-663-0150, or mailing your request to the address at the bottom of this policy. Please be sure to include your full name, email address, and which type of request you are making in your letter.

Your “Do Not Sell or Share” Rights Under the CCPA. Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), California residents have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal information, as defined by the CCPA. California residents may exercise this right to opt out online by submitting a “Do Not Sell or Share” My Information request here. Alternatively, California residents may submit a request to opt out of sales or sharing by calling us at 855-663-0150.

To verify your identity, we may collect information such as your full name and email address. This information will be compared to our existing records to verify the identity of the individual submitting the request. We may also require you to confirm your request via an automated email message before responding to your privacy rights request. Depending on the sensitivity of the information requested and the type of request, we may require additional information to verify your identity before responding.  We will respond to your request within 45 days if possible and required under the law. Please note that if you we deny your request, you may appeal this denial by contacting us using the information at the bottom of this policy.

Personal Information Collected:

Names and Aliases
Physical Address
Phone Number
E-Mail Address
IP Address
Unique Identifiers
Interactions with Customer Service
Information about transactions made on our services
Fan Preferences and Attributes   
Cookies/Web Beacons - We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons. To learn more about these tools and to control them, please click here.
Device Attributes
Sensitive Personal Information. Please note that we will never use or disclose any sensitive personal information you give us except to provide you with the goods and services you have requested or for the limited purposes allowed under the law.

Personal Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose or Sold/Shared:

Categories of Personal Information	Personal Information	Disclosed for a Business Purpose	Sold/Shared	Categories of Third-Party Recipients	Retention Standards
Identifiers	Names and Aliases	X	X	Business Partners, Data Brokers, Technical Service Providers, Government Agencies	Retained only as long as it is necessary to provide our products and services, keep our systems secure, and maintain necessary business and financial records. 
Physical Address	X	X
Phone Number	X	X
E-Mail Address	X	X
IP Address	X	X	Business Partners, Technical Service Providers
Unique Identifiers	X	X
Commercial Information	Interactions with Customer Service	X	 	Technical Service Providers, Government Agencies	Retained only as long as it is necessary to provide and improve our products and services, keep our systems secure, and maintain necessary business and financial records. 
Information about transactions made on our services	X	X
Individual’s Preferences and Attributes	X	X	Business Partners, Data Brokers, Technical Service Providers
Internet/ Electronic Activity	Cookies/Web Beacons	X	X	Retained only as long as it is necessary to provide our products and services and keep our systems secure.
Device Attributes	X	X
Sensitive Personal Information	SSN/TIN	X	 	Technical Service Providers, Government Agencies	Retained only as long as it is necessary to provide our products and services and maintain necessary business and financial records.
Health Information	X	 
Drivers License/Passport Number	X	 
Demographic Information	X	 	Technical Service Providers
Precise Geolocation	X	 
Data Retention and Deletion. As noted in the above chart, how long we retain personal data will vary depending on the products or services we provide and our legal obligations under applicable laws. For example, we retain certain purchase information for accounting and tax purposes even after you have deleted your account. Our retention periods are generally informed by three factors: 1) Is this information necessary to provide the product or service? 2) What consent have you provided around our use of this information? and 3) What statutory, contractual, or other legal obligations do we have to retain this information?

In all situations, your personal data will be securely deleted after the relevant limitation or retention periods have expired.

You may designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. For an authorized agent to be considered verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written affidavit to make such requests or a power of attorney. We may follow up with you to verify your identity before processing an agent’s request.

If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of another individual, please use our Authorized Agent Request Form. Failure to follow these instructions may result in our inability to process your request.

Sources of Data:

Self-disclosed (e.g. Information provided when interacting with our products and services)
Business partners (e.g. Analytics companies, promoters, artists, fan clubs, sports teams, venue owners, etc.)
Data brokers (e.g. Marketing companies, advertising partners, etc.)
Technical service providers (e.g. Cloud service providers)
Business or Commercial Purposes for Collecting or Selling/Sharing Personal Information:

Providing products and services
Event management
Market research and aggregated analytics
To prevent, detect, and manage unlawful behavior
Marketing
Client services
Staff administration
Third Parties with Whom we Share Personal Information:

Business partners (e.g. Analytics companies, promoters, artists, fan clubs, sports teams, venue owners, etc.)
Data brokers (e.g. Marketing companies, advertising partners, etc.)
Technical service providers (e.g. Cloud service providers)
Government Agencies (e.g. IRS for tax purposes)
To view our CCPA request metrics, please click here.

“Shine the Light” Law. If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you can email us to request a list of the personal information we have shared with third parties for their marketing purposes. We will also give you a list of the third parties that have received your information. You can make a request one time each year.

Mention in your email that you are making a "California Shine the Light" inquiry. We will respond within 30 days.

Do Not Track. Our websites and apps are not designed to respond to "do not track" requests from browsers.

Our sites and apps are not intended for children.

Our sites and apps are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 16 has given us information, you can email us here. You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this policy. Please mark your inquiries "Children's Information Inquiry".

Looking After Your Information
We use standard security measures.

We have security measures in place to protect your information. The standard security measures we use will depend on the type of information collected. However, the Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. If you think that an unauthorized account has been created using your name, contact us at the address below.

We store information both in and outside of the United States.

If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States. This site is subject to United States laws, which may not afford the same level of protection of those in your country.

We may link to third party sites or services we don't control.

If you click on one of those links, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of those websites. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party sites. Our site may also serve third-party content that contains their own cookies or tracking technologies. To learn more, click here. We do not control the use of those technologies
-
Terms Regarding Certain Cancelled, Rescheduled, Postponed and Moved Events (COVID-19)
Updated: January 1, 2021

Due to the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic, the scheduling of events for which you have purchased tickets has been affected.

Ticketmaster is the agent to those who provide events, such as artists, artist representatives, venues, teams, fan clubs, promoters, and leagues (the “Event Organizer”). To keep you informed, Ticketmaster has provided you with a separate, customized notification (the “Notification”) outlining the options the Event Organizer is offering to account for the pandemic’s impact on the event for which you have previously purchased ticket(s) at Live Nation or Ticketmaster's sites and mobile applications, including but not limited to www.livenation.com, www.ticketmaster.com, www.ticketmaster.ca, and www.ticketexchangebyticketmaster.com (collectively, the “Site”).

Your event has been either (a) cancelled or (b) postponed, rescheduled, or moved. As a result, the Event Organizer has issued updated terms that apply to such cancelled, rescheduled, postponed, or moved event, including, in some cases, a new “Credit” offer (defined below).

Ticketmaster has set out the terms of these offerings by the Event Organizer below. The terms herein apply to any and all events that have been canceled, postponed, rescheduled, or moved due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Of course, your original purchase, as well as the new “Credit” offer outlined herein (to the extent you accept it), continues to be/will be subject to our Terms of Use and Purchase Policy. You should read those policies carefully before choosing any refund or credit option.

1. CANCELLED EVENTS
If the event for which you bought ticket(s) was cancelled, as indicated on your Notification, you are entitled to a refund of the paid value subject to the exclusions as set forth herein, unless the Event Organizer is offering a Credit (as defined below), and you want to accept that Credit.

The credit that the Event Organizer may offer (as an alternative to a refund) will be provided as a promotional code which serves as a credit for the original price you paid for your ticket(s), including all taxes and service fees, plus any promotional bonus amount designated by the Event Organizer in your Notification—all of which may be used to make eligible future purchases on the site(s), as designated in the Notification (collectively the “Credit”). The Credit is being provided by the Event Organizer, and not by Ticketmaster.

If you elect to accept a Credit, the Credit will be in the form of a promotional code good for ticket(s) to the event type(s) designated in the Notification. This may be the same event type as the original ticket (for example, if your original ticket was for an NBA game, your Credit may be good for another NBA game) at the same event venue, or, in some cases, your Notification (or a follow up communication) may state that you will be able to choose from events at one of a number of venues designed by the Event Organizer. Credits may be redeemed using the promotional code at checkout, and will expire on the date set forth in your Notification (or on another date as later communicated to you).

If the Event Organizer offers you the choice of a refund or Credit, and you elect to accept a refund, we will issue you a refund of the paid value subject to the exclusions as set forth herein to the original method of payment used at the time of purchase, once funds are received from the Event Organizer.

Any upgrades or add-ons (such as parking) that were purchased along with your ticket(s) will be fully refunded to the original method of payment used at the time of purchase, regardless of whether you choose a refund or Credit. Merchandise purchases, however, are not subject to any of the options stated above; your transaction with respect to any merchandise will be processed, and the merchandise will be delivered to you.

You may elect to accept the refund, or any Credit option set out in the Notification, during the period (the “Election Period”) set out in your Notification. If you do not make any election prior to the end of the Election Period, a refund will be issued in accordance with our refund policies, which are set forth in our Purchase Policy. Please see our Purchase Policy for more information.

2. RESCHEDULED, POSTPONED, OR MOVED EVENTS
It is the Event Organizer’s decision as to whether and when to cancel, reschedule, postpone, or move an event. If your Notification indicates that your event has been rescheduled, postponed, or moved, you will either: (a) keep your ticket(s) and any additional add-ons or upgrades, which remain valid; or (b) if the Event Organizer has approved refunds (or the option to choose between a refund and a credit), as explained in your Notification, you may select a Credit or refund. This Credit or refund, if elected, is provided solely by the Event Organizer, and not by Ticketmaster.

If you elect to accept a Credit, the Credit will be in the form of a promotional code good for ticket(s) to the event type(s) designated in the Notification. This may be the same event type as the original ticket (for example, if your original ticket was for an NBA game, your Credit may be good for another NBA game) at the same event venue, or, in some cases, your Notification (or a follow up communication) may state that you will be able to choose from events at one of a number of venues designated by the Event Organizer. Credits may be redeemed using the promotional code at checkout, and will expire on the date set forth in your Notification (or on another date as later communicated to you).

If the Event Organizer offers you the choice of a refund or a Credit, and you elect to accept a refund, we will issue you a refund of the paid value subject to the exclusions as set forth herein to the original method of payment used at time of purchase, once funds are received from the Event Organizer.

Any upgrades or add-ons (such as parking) that were purchased along with your ticket(s) will be fully refunded to the original method of payment used at the time of purchase, regardless of whether you choose a refund or Credit. Merchandise purchases, however, are not subject to any of the options stated above; your transaction with respect to any merchandise will be processed, and the merchandise will be delivered to you.

You may elect to accept any refund or Credit option offered in the Notification during the period (the “Election Period”) set out in your Notification. If you do not make any election prior to the end of the Election Period, or if the Event Organizer does not provide you with such options, you will keep your ticket (and any additional add-ons or upgrades) and remain entitled to use it on the date of your rescheduled event. If the Event Organizer subsequently determines that your rescheduled or postponed event must be canceled, you will receive a further Notification indicating your options (consistent with Section 1, above). Please see our Purchase Policy for more information.

Any and all requests for a refund or credit are subject to and governed by our Purchase Policy, which contains detailed information on the policies applicable to refunds and credits. Please review our Purchase Policy carefully before choosing a refund or a credit.

3. QUESTIONS
If you have any questions, comments, or complaints regarding these Terms, please contact us at:

Live Nation Entertainment, Inc.
Attn: General Counsel
9348 Civic Center Drive
Beverly Hills, CA 90210
(800) 653-8000
Email
-
Important informatoin on event entry requirements & health checks
What you should know before you go.

Before you purchase your ticket or head to an event, it is important to understand the health guidelines and entry requirements many Event Organizers have adopted to ensure the safe return of live events. Below, you will find the information you need regarding new COVID-19 event protocols.

What is a Health Check?

Health Checks are safety protocols instituted by Event Organizers to help reduce attendee exposure to COVID-19. Ticketmaster does not set or control Health Check guidelines, which is why different events you see in our marketplace may have different protocols. While specific requirements vary across venues and events, some common measures may include, but are not limited to: proof of full vaccination against COVID-19, proof of a negative COVID-19 diagnostic test result prior to entering the event, a rapid onsite COVID-19 test, or participating in a brief health questionnaire. Please check the Event Organizer’s website (usually the venue’s site) for event-specific details.

Are refunds being offered for events whose entry requirements have been updated to include vaccinations or testing?

Refund guidelines are determined by individual Event Organizers. To find out if the Event Organizer is allowing refunds for your event, you will need to follow the steps below:

Log in to your online account.
Click "My Tickets" to get to your "My Events" Page.
Click the "See Details" button to the right of your order.
If the Event Organizer is offering refunds for your event, a “Request A Refund” button will appear within your Order Details. 
* If refunds are available for your event, your refund request will be processed to the original method of payment used at time of purchase, once funds are received from the Event Organizer, which is usually completed within 30 days.


Who decides if a Health Check is required?

In partnership with local health departments and government guidelines, the Event Organizer (those who provide events, such as artists, venues, teams, fan clubs, promoters, and leagues) monitors local COVID-19 trends and determines if Health Checks will be required to attend an event.  In some instances, an Event Organizer may choose to exceed protocols mandated by local governments. Check your Event Organizer’s website regularly for updates as guidelines are subject to change. You may also see some of these protocol details in event information on Ticketmaster, but we do not control or set the guidelines.

Is Ticketmaster requiring proof of vaccination or a negative COVID-19 diagnostic test for entry?

No, Ticketmaster does not set or control Health Check guidelines.  Certain Event Organizers are opting to require entry qualifications for fans to attend their event. Additionally, some state and local governments are mandating Event Organizers to require health checks at entry. Information regarding the specific Health Check requirements for your event can be found on the Event Organizer’s website (usually the venue’s site) and may also be located on the event page. 

How will I know if the event I am going to requires vaccination or a negative COVID-19 diagnostic test?

Fans should regularly check the Event Organizer’s website (usually the venue’s site) for updated details regarding potential Health Check requirements. Additionally, some Event Organizers may state Health Check entry requirements on their event page on Ticketmaster and include Health Check information in confirmation emails and pre-event day notifications. Some Event Organizers updating Health Check requirements after the initial sale may send ticketholders an updated notification alerting them to the change in entry qualifications. Check your Event Organizer’s website regularly for updates as guidelines are subject to change.

I have received my first COVID-19 vaccination dose, will my first dose vaccination card be accepted at entry?

Most Event Organizers requesting proof of full vaccination for entry require the last vaccination dose to be administered at least two weeks prior to the event date. Please check the Event Organizer’s website (usually the venue’s site) for event-specific Health Check requirements.

How soon to the event date should I take a COVID-19 diagnostic test?

Many Event Organizers require proof of a negative COVID-19 diagnostic test 48 to 72 hours prior to the event date. Timeframes for accepted tests may vary. Please check the Event Organizer’s website (usually the venue’s site) for specific Health Check guidelines pertaining to your event. You can also locate free testing in your area by using this helpful resource developed by the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services. 

Who will check vaccination status or negative COVID-19 diagnostic test at the entry?

This process will differ from event to event. Most Event Organizers will designate personnel to check vaccination cards and/or negative COVID-19 diagnostic test results. 

Is my health information protected?

Ticketmaster does not store or have access to information related to your Health Check. In some cases, the Event Organizer may require you use a third-party app like CLEAR to validate your identity in relation to your Health Check, in which case you would need to read their privacy policy for more information.

Does every attendee need to pass the Health Check?

In most cases all attendees, regardless of age, will need to pass the Health Check requirements. Please check the Event Organizer’s website (usually the venue’s site) for event-specific details.

As the ticket purchaser, am I certifying all individuals in my party attending the event will meet the requirements specified by the Event Organizer?

Yes. As the ticket purchaser, you certify all members of your party will follow the Health Check requirements specified by the Event Organizer.

A member of our group is under 12 years of age and is ineligible for vaccination, can he/she still attend an event requiring vaccination?

Most Event Organizers requiring Health Checks will ask unvaccinated fans under 12 years of age to provide proof of a negative COVID-19 diagnostic test prior to entering the venue. Check your event page or the Event Organizer’s website (usually the venue’s site) for specific diagnostic requirements or entry protocols related to this age group. You can also locate free testing in your area by using this helpful resource developed by the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services.

I am ineligible for vaccination due to underlying health conditions, am I unable to attend an event requiring vaccination?

Most Event Organizers requiring Health Checks will ask unvaccinated fans over 12 years old with a valid medical restriction & medical note to take a COVID-19 diagnostic test and provide proof of negative result prior to entering the venue. Check your event page or the Event Organizer’s website (usually the venue’s site) for specific diagnostic requirements. You can also locate free testing in your area by using this helpful resource developed by the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services.

What if I can’t get the vaccine for religious reasons?

Most Event Organizers will make accommodations for fans with religious exemptions to attend their event if they provide printed proof of a negative COVID-19 diagnostic test prior to entering the venue. Check your event page or the Event Organizer’s website (usually the venue’s site) for specific diagnostic requirements. You can also locate free testing in your area by using this helpful resource developed by the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services.

Are Event Organizers requiring a specific type of COVID-19 diagnostic test?

Many Event Organizers require proof of either a negative PCR or antigen COVID-19 diagnostic test. Please also check your Event Organizer’s website (usually the venue’s site) for specific diagnostic requirements. Federal guidelines mandate that COVID-19 tests be free so they are accessible to everyone. The U.S. Department of Health & Human Services has developed this helpful resource to locate free testing in your area. 

Will I have to wear a mask?

Depending upon local health departments and government guidelines, Event Organizers may either require or encourage guests to wear a mask, regardless of vaccination status. For those events where masks are required, all attendees - regardless of vaccination status - will be expected to wear a mask at all times, except while actively eating or drinking. For events where masks are encouraged,  all attendees - regardless of vaccination status - will be encouraged to wear a mask except while actively eating or drinking. Check your event page or the Event Organizer’s website (usually the venue’s site) for health protocols specific to your event.

Will event staff follow the same Health Check protocol as fans?

Most Event Organizers require venue staff, vendors and concessionaires to follow the same onsite Health Check requirements as fans. Check the Event Organizer’s website (usually the venue’s site) for health protocols specific to your event.

Will staff be required to wear masks?

Many Event Organizers are requiring staff to wear masks. Check the Event Organizer’s website (usually the venue’s site) for health protocols specific to your event.

What happens if I fail the Health Check at the event?

It’s up to the Event Organizer’s discretion whether refunds will be offered for a failed Health Check. Ticketmaster does not set these guidelines, please contact your Event Organizer directly to understand their specific refund policy prior to purchase. In addition, most events will give you the option to purchase Allianz ticket insurance when you buy your tickets on Ticketmaster, which may entitle you to a refund. This provides an extra layer of protection if you have one of the covered illnesses (including COVID-19 where applicable) and can no longer attend. Learn more about event ticket insurance here.

What if I would rather get a refund than follow the Health Check protocol?

Refund guidelines related to updated COVID-19 health protocols are determined by individual Event Organizers. For most events, you will receive additional information regarding your specific event via email prior to the event date.

What are my options if I am unable to attend because I have been exposed to a positive COVID-19 case or am experiencing COVID-like symptoms?

Refund guidelines are determined by individual Event Organizers. As an added level of comfort, fans may want to consider purchasing event ticket insurance. Additionally, for events where the Event Organizer is not offering COVID-19 related refunds, fans may want to consider other options that Event Organizers may make available, such as selling or transferring tickets in advance of the event. Information on how to sell your tickets may be found here or how to transfer your tickets here.
-
How do Ticketmaster and Live Nation handle fraud?
We take fraud very seriously and thoroughly review every claim brought to our attention. If you suspect fraud on your Ticketmaster or Live Nation account, contact us.

And remember – where you buy matters. The only way to know your tickets are the real deal is to buy Ticketmaster Verified Tickets directly from Ticketmaster or Live Nation, or get them at the venue box office. Ticketmaster Verified Tickets are 100% authentic and guaranteed to get you in, including Fan-to-Fan Resale Tickets.


-
AdChoices
We use common tracking technologies.
We or our vendors use several common tracking tools. These may include browser cookies. We may also use web beacons and similar technologies. We use these tools:

To recognize new or past customers.
To store your password if you are registered on our sites.
To improve our website and mobile app.
To serve you with advertising content in which we think you will be interested. To do so, we or our business partners may observe your behaviors over time on this website and across third party websites. We may also collect information about your browsing history.
To better understand the interests of our customers and our website visitors.
You can control tracking tools.
Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies. How you do so depends on the type of cookie. Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies. To control flash cookies, which we may use on certain websites from time to time, you can gohere. Why? Because flash cookies cannot be controlled through your browser settings.

If you block cookies on your browser, certain features on our sites may not work.

Some ads may be served based on tracking.
We may work with online advertising companies to show you relevant and useful ads. This may include ads served on our own websites or apps. This may also include our ads served on other companies' sites. These ads may be based on information collected by us or third parties (for example, when you register for a site). These ads may also be based on your activities on our websites or on third party sites. This second type of advertising is called "interest-based advertising" or "online behavioral advertising." These ads might be served on websites or apps. They might also be served in emails. We might serve these ads, or third parties might serve ads. They might be about our other products or other companies' products.

How do we gather information about you for interest-based advertising?
To decide what is relevant to you, we use information you make available to us when you interact with us, our affiliates, and other third parties. We gather this information using the tracking tools described above. For example, we or our partners might look at your purchases or browsing behaviors. We might look at these activities on our platforms or the platforms of others.

We work with third parties who help gather this information. These third parties might place or recognize a cookie on your computer, device, or directly in our emails/communications. They might link your name or email address to other information they collect. That might include past purchases made offline or online. Or, it might include online usage information.

You can opt-out of interest-based advertising.
The Digital Advertising Alliance also offers a tool for opting out of the collection of cross-app data on a mobile device for interest-based advertising. To exercise choice for companies participating in this tool, download the Appchoices app here. To learn more about IBA or to opt-out of this type of advertising, go to https://optout.aboutads.info/.

© 2022 Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. All rights reserved.
-
CCPA Statistics
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Statistics

Below are the metrics for all CCPA requests received by Live Nation and its associated entities in the prior calendar year.
 

Number of Requests to Know Received	790
Number of Requests to Know Complied With	787
Number of Requests to Know Denied	3
Number of Requests to Delete Received	48,923
Number of Requests to Delete Complied With	48,705
Number of Requests to Delete Denied	218
Number of Requests to Opt-out Received	8,931
Number of Requests to Opt-out Complied With	8,915
Number of Requests to Opt-out Denied	16
Mean Number of Days to Respond to Requests to Know	9 days
Mean Number of Days to Respond to Requests to Delete	14 days
Mean Number of Days to Respond to Requests to Opt-Out	5 days

Last Updated: December 2022


-
Updating information on My Account profile
Ready to make some changes? 

Sign into your Live Nation account and select My Account to get started. Remember, any updates made to your My Account profile (including payment changes) only affect future purchases and won’t impact past orders. 

You can update the following information in My Account:

Edit Profile: Update your name, email address, password and zip code
Edit Email and Mobile Preferences: Add, edit or delete Ticketmaster email subscriptions
Change Payment Options: Add, edit or delete credit card and billing information for future orders only
Alerts: Add, edit or delete artist or venue alerts
Some changes, like updating your password, require you to have access to the email address or phone number used to sign into your Ticketmaster account. If you can’t access your account, visit the FAQ Unable to sign into My Account for more information. 

Updates (e.g. delivery changes) for an individual order within the Event Details page, will only affect that specific order.


-
How do I update a credit card in My Account?
To update your credit card, follow these steps:

On Livenation.com (desktop), sign into your My Account.
Click My Account to see your account overview.
Click Payment Options.
Add, delete or edit the billing info and expiration date. You can’t edit the credit card number of an existing card.Update_CC_2.png
Credit card updates can't be made on our app or mobile site.

-
Can I edit personal or billing information on my order?
You can edit your personal or billing information anytime by signing in to your My Account, but it will only apply to your future purchases. 

Go to Payment Options to update billing information and Edit Profile to edit your personal information.

You won’t be able to make these changes through our mobile site.

-
How do I unsubscribe from Live Nation Concert updates?
You have two options to unsubscribe to our emails.

To update your preferences, follow these steps:

Sign into your My Account.
Go to your Account Overview and select Email Subscriptions.
Remove your alerts by unchecking the boxes and click Update or select Unsubscribe from all.
To unsubscribe within your inbox, click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email alert you received.

You may still receive emails from those who provide events (e.g., venues, teams, artists, promoters and leagues) to whom Live Nation provides your email address as described in the Live Nation Privacy Policy.


-
Why am I not receiving artist or concert alerts?
Live Nation makes every effort to send you alerts before the public sale date. At times, events may not be included in an alert prior to the public sale date until they’re confirmed by the venue and promoter. We recommend that you visit Livenation.com and check with local media for up-to-the-minute news on upcoming events.

We also suggest that you check any junk mail or spam guard settings that you may have on your email inbox. These filters have been known to impede on the delivery of alerts.

App favorites don’t generate presale alerts, so visit our full website to update your favorites and receive email alerts.


-
How do I update my bank account and routing number?
It’s easy to make changes to your payment account, but keep in mind that it will delay your payment if you already have ticket listings.

To update your information, follow these steps:

Sign into your My Account. You can only add a payment option under the Selling Tickets section on our website, not the app.
Click My Account to see your account overview.
Click Payment Options.
Locate the outdated or incorrect payment option and click the Delete button for the account under the Selling Tickets 
Click OK on the delayed payment warning if you wish to continue.
Click the Add New Account button under the Selling Tickets section.
Enter your account information and choose Checking, Savings or Debit Card under the Payout Type section.
Enter your new account information.
Click Submit.
-
How do I change the language on the app?
The Live Nation app uses the same language as your device. If you change the language in your phone’s settings, the app will adjust.

-
How do I unsubscribe from the Setlist newsletter?
You have two options to unsubscribe to our emails.

To update your preferences, follow these steps:

Sign into your My Account.
Go to your Account Overview and select Email Subscriptions.
Remove your alerts by unchecking the boxes and click Update or select Unsubscribe from all.
To unsubscribe within your inbox, click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email alert you received. It may take up to 10 days for us to process an opt-out request.

You may still receive emails from those who provide events (e.g., venues, teams, artists, promoters and leagues) to whom Live Nation provides your email address as described in the Live Nation Privacy Policy.


-
Can I unsubscribe from receiving Fan Review Invitation Email?
The post-event Fan Review Invitation is a transactional email and considered a core part of your Live Nation purchase as is, for example, your purchase receipt. Consequently, you can’t opt-out of receiving the Fan Review Invitation email. You’re under no obligation to submit a Fan Review of your show — but why not let your voice be heard!


-
Can I receive your newsletters without sharing my information?
If you have chosen to opt-in, we may use your information to send you communications about Live Nation and its services as well as promotional material on behalf of some of our partners. Please see the Livenation.com Privacy Policy to learn more.

If at any time you change your mind and do not wish to have any of your information used to receive marketing communications from us, please click here and follow the instructions to unsubscribe.

Also, in any commercial email we send, you will be given the opportunity to opt out of receiving such messages in the future by clicking on the link at the bottom of the email that says "unsubscribe." It may take up to 10 days for us to process an opt-out request. If you receive the updates in mobile text format, you may have to copy and paste the link into your internet browser.


-
Disney Junior Live On Tour: Costume Palooza
disney.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
The cast of Costume Palooza will perform in 42 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the event list details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When do presales start?

There may be a few presales for Costume Palooza. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The general onsale starts Friday, May 12, 2023 at 10 a.m. local venue time.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for Costume Palooza by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

VIP Packages
A VIP experience is available for Costume Palooza. Here’s what you can expect:

Disney Junior Live On Tour: Costume Palooza VIP Package
See Full VIP Details!

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the event list details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
9/1/2023	Hershey, PA	Hershey Theatre	@ Hershey Theatre
9/2/2023	Reading, PA	The Santander Performing Arts Center	@ The Santander Performing Arts Center
9/8/2023	Cincinnati, OH	Taft Theatre	@ Taft Theatre
9/10/2023	Red Bank, NJ	Hackensack Meridian Health Theatre	@ Hackensack Meridian Health Theatre
9/10/2023	Red Bank, NJ	Hackensack Meridian Health Theatre	@ Hackensack Meridian Health Theatre
9/12/2023	Baltimore, MD	The Lyric	@ The Lyric
9/15/2023	Boston, MA	Leader Bank Pavilion	@ Leader Bank Pavilion
9/17/2023	Brookville, NY	Tilles Center	@ Tilles Center
9/20/2023	Scranton, PA	Scranton Cultural Center	@ Scranton Cultural Center
9/21/2023	Englewood, NJ	Bergen Performing Arts Center	@ Bergen Performing Arts Center
9/22/2023	Englewood, NJ	Bergen Performing Arts Center	@ Bergen Performing Arts Center
9/23/2023	Wallingford, CT	Toyota Oakdale Theatre	@ Toyota Oakdale Theatre
9/23/2023	Wallingford, CT	Toyota Oakdale Theatre	@ Toyota Oakdale Theatre
9/24/2023	Albany, NY	The Palace Theatre	@ The Palace Theatre
9/28/2023	Johnstown, PA	1st SUMMIT ARENA	@ 1st SUMMIT ARENA
9/29/2023	Washington, DC	Warner Theatre	@ Warner Theatre
9/30/2023	North Charleston, SC	North Charleston Performing Arts Center	@ North Charleston Performing Arts Center
10/3/2023	Albany, GA	Albany Civic Center	@ Albany Civic Center
10/4/2023	Evans, GA	Columbia County Performing Arts Center	@ Columbia County Performing Arts Center
10/5/2023	Atlanta, GA	Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre	@ Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre
10/6/2023	St Petersburg, FL	Mahaffey Theater	@ Mahaffey Theater
10/12/2023	Pensacola, FL	Pensacola Saenger Theatre	@ Pensacola Saenger Theatre
10/13/2023	Montgomery, AL	Montgomery Performing Arts Centre	@ Montgomery Performing Arts Centre
10/17/2023	Louisville, KY	The Louisville Palace	@ The Louisville Palace
10/19/2023	Saginaw, MI	Dow Event Center	@ Dow Event Center
10/20/2023	Detroit, MI	Fox Theatre	@ Fox Theatre
10/21/2023	Indianapolis, IN	Old National Centre	@ Old National Centre
10/22/2023	Chicago, IL	Auditorium Theatre	@ Auditorium Theatre
10/24/2023	Madison, WI	Orpheum Theater	@ Orpheum Theater
10/27/2023	Knoxville, TN	Tennessee Theatre	@ Tennessee Theatre
10/28/2023	Memphis, TN	The Orpheum Theatre	@ The Orpheum Theatre
11/2/2023	Chattanooga, TN	Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Auditorium	@ Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Auditorium
11/5/2023	San Antonio, TX	Majestic Theatre	@ Majestic Theatre
11/5/2023	San Antonio, TX	Majestic Theatre	@ Majestic Theatre
11/10/2023	Shreveport, LA	Shreveport Municipal Memorial Auditorium	@ Shreveport Municipal Memorial Auditorium
11/14/2023	Phoenix, AZ	Arizona Financial Theatre	@ Arizona Financial Theatre
11/15/2023	Thousand Oaks, CA	Fred Kavli Theatre	@ Fred Kavli Theatre
11/16/2023	San Jose, CA	San Jose Civic	@ San Jose Civic
11/17/2023	Palm Desert, CA	Acrisure Arena at Greater Palm Springs	@ Acrisure Arena at Greater Palm Springs
11/18/2023	Stockton, CA	Bob Hope Theatre	@ Bob Hope Theatre
11/19/2023	Oakland, CA	Fox Theater - Oakland	@ Fox Theater - Oakland
11/25/2023	Long Beach, CA	Terrace Theater	@ Terrace Theater
-
Monster Jam kids ticket and pit pass information
Visit www.monsterjam.com for detailed information on where you can obtain pit passes, or search for your specific event on Ticketmaster.com.

Fans aged two and older will require a ticket. Not all shows offer kids/youth ticket discounts or pit passes.


-
How do I purchase a parking pass?
Parking passes are offered during the ticket purchase process when available. If you missed the opportunity to purchase parking or haven't received your parking pass, contact Fan Support.

Visit your venue’s official site for specific questions such as parking lot locations, hours, drop-off areas or to find their contact information.

A parking pass doesn’t guarantee an accessible parking spot. They’re available on a first-come, first-served basis.


-
How old do I have to be to enter a show?
Age rules vary from venue to venue and from event to event.

Search for the event at the top of any page on Ticketmaster.com. Once you find it, click See Tickets. You can find age restrictions in the Please Note section under the event description or by clicking on the More Info link.


-
Camera policies for events
Most venues don’t allow cameras or recording devices inside. To determine if cameras are allowed at the specific venue that you will be visiting, please search for that venue from our home page. Once on the venue page, click Venue Details to determine if a camera will be permitted at that venue.

If this information is not available, please contact the venue directly.


-
Inclement Weather Updates
If you’re experiencing inclement weather in your area, check your event on Livenation.com for the most recent up to date status. We’ll send you a notification if there are any changes. 


-
How do I check if my event has been canceled, postponed, rescheduled or moved?
You can always find the status of your event by signing into your online account and reviewing the Event Details page. If you still have questions, contact Fan Support.
-
When do the doors open?
For standard ticket holders, doors open an hour before the event start time. But, door times can vary by venue/artist. You can check for a published door time on Livenation.com or you can visit the venue's official website.


-
What can I bring to an event?
Allowed items can vary by venue. 

To find out more follow these steps:

Search by venue name on Livenation.com.
Find your venue by searching the Venues section.
Then review the Venue Details.
If the information you're looking for isn’t available, you can visit the venue's official website.


-
How long is my concert?
To find your event’s run time, contact the artist’s official site or the concert venue. Concert run times are determined by the artist and/or venue and they vary from artist to artist and from venue to venue.

For Broadway and Off-Broadway run times, try these sites:

Playbill.com
Broadway.com
LiveShows.Disney.com
BroadwayInChicago.com

-
Where do I find driving directions to my event?
You can find venue driving directions to most by clicking the venue link on the Event Details page. If driving directions aren’t available, or don’t cover the area from which you will be traveling, we recommend that you visit your preferred map site.

-
Where can I find the status of my event and tickets?
If the Event Organizer changes the status of an event, we’ll send you a notification.

For the most up-to-date information on any scheduling changes and refund options, check your event in your online account. You can find a comprehensive list of events with status and scheduling changes on our Event Status Update page.


-
What happens if my event is canceled?
If an event is canceled, no action is required to obtain a refund. Once we’ve received funds from the Event Organizer (exceptions include MLB games and the US Open) the refund will be issued to the original method of payment used at time of purchase. Different rules apply to transfer and resold tickets (and some others). Refer to your email notification for your available options.

In some instances, the Event Organizer may give you the option to request a refund, or choose between a refund or a credit. If this happens, we’ll notify you of those options.

If you purchased tickets at the venue’s box office to an event that has now been canceled, you can choose your refund options in person 30 days after the Event Organizer approves funds. For the latest box office information, search for the venue on Livenation.com and select Venue Info.

 For more information, please see our Purchase Policy.


-
What happens if my event is postponed?
If an event has been postponed, it means the Event Organizer is still working to determine whether the event will be rescheduled or canceled. Your tickets are still valid and no further action is required. 

When the Event Organizer cancels or reschedules the event, we’ll notify you of the new status and explain your options. In some instances, the Event Organizer may give you the option to request a refund. If that is the case, we will notify you. 

Refund policies are determined by the Event Organizers on an event-by-event basis and may be subject to their limitations.

For more information, see our Purchase Policy.


-
What happens if my event is rescheduled or moved?
If an event is rescheduled or moved, your tickets (including any upgrades or add-ons, such as parking) are still valid for the new date — you won’t need to do anything else.

In some instances, the Event Organizer may give you the option to request a refund.

If you purchased tickets at the venue’s box office to an event that has now been rescheduled, contact the box office where you purchased your tickets for more details.

Refund policies are determined by the Event Organizers on an event-by-event basis and may be subject to their limitations.

For more information, see our Purchase Policy.


-
What happens when refunds are approved for my event?
If the Event Organizer approves refunds, we’ll send you a notification explaining your options and whether there are any steps you need to take to obtain a refund. Once funds are received from the Event Organizer, all refunds will be processed to the original method of payment used at time of purchase.

Your online account will contain up-to-date information. 

All requests for refunds are final and cannot be changed once initiated.

For more information, please see our Purchase Policy.


-
Lil Yachty: The Field Trip Tour
lil_yachty.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
Lil Yachty will perform in 19 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the Lil Yachty details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When do presales start?

There may be a few presales for Lil Yachty. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The Lil Yachty general onsale starts Friday, May 12, 2023 at 10 a.m. local venue time.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for Lil Yachty by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

VIP Packages
Lil Yachty is offering VIP experiences. Here’s what you can expect:

Meet & Greet Experience
Preshow Experience
Early Entry Experience
See Full VIP Details!

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the Lil Yachty details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
9/21/2023	Washington, DC	Echostage	Lil Yachty @ Echostage
9/22/2023	New York, NY	Capital One City Parks Foundation SummerStage	Lil Yachty @ Capital One City Parks Foundation SummerStage
9/24/2023	Philadelphia, PA	The Fillmore Philadelphia	Lil Yachty @ The Fillmore Philadelphia
9/25/2023	Raleigh, NC	The Ritz	Lil Yachty @ The Ritz
9/27/2023	Montreal, QC	MTELUS	Lil Yachty @ MTELUS
9/29/2023	Wallingford, CT	Dome at Toyota Oakdale Theatre	Lil Yachty @ Dome at Toyota Oakdale Theatre
10/1/2023	Pittsburgh, PA	Roxian Theatre	Lil Yachty @ Roxian Theatre
10/2/2023	Toronto, ON	History	Lil Yachty @ History
10/4/2023	Charlotte, NC	The Fillmore Charlotte	Lil Yachty @ The Fillmore Charlotte
10/8/2023	Indianapolis, IN	Old National Centre	Lil Yachty @ Old National Centre
10/11/2023	New Orleans, LA	The Fillmore New Orleans	Lil Yachty @ The Fillmore New Orleans
10/21/2023	Vancouver, BC	Doug Mitchell Thunderbird Sports Centre	Lil Yachty @ Doug Mitchell Thunderbird Sports Centre
10/26/2023	Las Vegas, NV	Brooklyn Bowl Las Vegas	Lil Yachty @ Brooklyn Bowl Las Vegas
10/29/2023	Denver, CO	Fillmore Auditorium	Lil Yachty @ Fillmore Auditorium
10/31/2023	St Louis, MO	The Pageant	Lil Yachty @ The Pageant
11/2/2023	Minneapolis, MN	The Fillmore	Lil Yachty @ The Fillmore
11/4/2023	Madison, WI	The Sylvee	Lil Yachty @ The Sylvee
11/5/2023	Detroit, MI	The Fillmore Detroit	Lil Yachty @ The Fillmore Detroit

-
Christian Nodal - Foraji2 Tour
christian_nodal.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
Christian Nodal will perform in 25 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the Christian Nodal details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When do presales start?

There may be a few presales for Christian Nodal. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Amazon Music Presale

Visit amazon.com/nodal on your mobile phone to install the Amazon Music app and get your unique code.

Onsale
The Christian Nodal general onsale starts Saturday, May 13, 2023 at 10 a.m. local venue time.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for Christian Nodal by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

VIP Packages
Christian Nodal is offering VIP experiences. Here’s what you can expect:

Meet & Greet Experience with Christian Nodal
Forajid2 Pre-show Soundcheck Experience
Forajid2 Merchandise Package (TICKET NOT INCLUDED)
See Full VIP Details!

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the Christian Nodal details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
8/26/2023	Palm Desert, CA	Acrisure Arena	Christian Nodal @ Acrisure Arena
8/27/2023	Glendale, AZ	Desert Diamond Arena	Christian Nodal @ Desert Diamond Arena
8/31/2023	New Orleans, LA	Smoothie King Center	Christian Nodal @ Smoothie King Center
9/2/2023	Rosemont, IL	Allstate Arena	Christian Nodal @ Allstate Arena
9/3/2023	Indianapolis, IN	Gainbridge Fieldhouse	Christian Nodal @ Gainbridge Fieldhouse
9/22/2023	Laredo, TX	Sames Auto Arena	Christian Nodal @ Sames Auto Arena
9/23/2023	Cedar Park, TX	HEB Center	Christian Nodal @ HEB Center
9/24/2023	Fort Worth, TX	Dickies Arena	Christian Nodal @ Dickies Arena
9/29/2023	Fresno, CA	Save Mart Center	Christian Nodal @ Save Mart Center
9/30/2023	Sacramento, CA	Golden 1 Center	Christian Nodal @ Golden 1 Center
10/1/2023	Oakland, CA	Oakland Arena	Christian Nodal @ Oakland Arena
10/6/2023	Tampa, FL	Amalie Arena	Christian Nodal @ Amalie Arena
10/7/2023	Miami, FL	Kaseya Center	Christian Nodal @ Kaseya Center
10/13/2023	Salt Lake City, UT	Vivint Arena	Christian Nodal @ Vivint Arena
10/15/2023	Inglewood, CA	Kia Forum	Christian Nodal @ Kia Forum
10/18/2023	Seattle, WA	WAMU Theater	Christian Nodal @ WAMU Theater
10/19/2023	Portland, OR	Veterans Memorial Coliseum	Christian Nodal @ Veterans Memorial Coliseum
10/21/2023	Ontario, CA	Toyota Arena	Christian Nodal @ Toyota Arena
11/3/2023	Uncasville, CT	Mohegan Sun Arena	Christian Nodal @ Mohegan Sun Arena
11/4/2023	Fairfax, VA	Eaglebank Arena	Christian Nodal @ Eaglebank Arena
11/5/2023	Boston, MA	Agganis Arena	Christian Nodal @ Agganis Arena
11/10/2023	Long Island, NY	UBS Arena	Christian Nodal @ UBS Arena
11/12/2023	Reading, PA	The Santander Arena	Christian Nodal @ The Santander Arena

-
50 Cent: The Final Lap Tour
50_cent.jpg

Key Dates and Times to Know
Registration
Registration is now open and closes on Sunday, May 7, 11:59 p.m. ET.

Registration Site: https://verifiedfan.ticketmaster.com/50cent2023

For more information on Verified Fan, please visit blog.ticketmaster.com/verifiedfan-faq.

Invitation
Verified Fan Presale Invitations will be sent on the evening before the Verified Fan Presale is scheduled to start to fans who have been verified and invited to shop. In that invitation email, we will include timing details for when you will receive a link to where you can purchase your tickets and your unique access code.

Before the sale begins, we’ll text the number you provided during registration with your unique access code and link to buy tickets.

Remember, only Ticketmaster can provide access codes. Visit the blog How to Avoid Fake “Speculative” Tickets for Live Events for more information on how to spot fake tickets.

Presale
The 50 Cent Verified Fan presale starts Wednesday, May 10, 2023 starting at 10 a.m. local venue time. Only Verified Fans with approved links will be able to join.

No Verified Fan tickets have been sold yet.

Important Things to Know During the VF Presale
If I receive a code, am I guaranteed tickets?

You can shop for tickets if you receive an access code, but it’s not guaranteed you’ll be able to purchase tickets. They’re available on a first come, first served basis.

How many tickets can I buy with my code?

You can purchase up to 6 tickets with your unique code and only for the show indicated in the text you received.

Can I share my access code?

Verified Fan codes can't be purchased or transferred. Your access code is unique to your individual account.

How do I join the queue?

By signing in through the link we texted the phone number you provided during registration, you can easily access the queue.

I got an email saying I’m on the waitlist, what does that mean?

When demand exceeds availability, a lottery-style process will determine which registered Verified Fans will receive a unique access code and which will be put on the waitlist.
Receiving an email saying you’re on the waitlist means that if tickets remain, we may text you an access code to join the ticket sale. The lottery-style process will be used to determine who gets off the waitlist. 

Need additional help with your unique Verified Fan code?

We’re here to help. To reach Fan Support about your code, follow these steps:

Visit this form.
Under the Please select a topic section, select Verified Fan.
Under Event name, type 50 Cent.
Fill in the other required fields.
Submit your form.
Have questions about Ticketmaster Verified Fan? Visit our Verified Fan blog to learn more.

VIP Packages
50 Cent is offering VIP experiences. Here’s what you can expect:

SIRE SPIRITS ULTIMATE VIP LOUNGE PACKAGE
SIRE SPIRITS VIP LOUNGE PACKAGE
GOLD PREMIUM TICKET PACKAGE
SILVER PREMIUM TICKET PACKAGE
All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable.

50 Cent VIP Packages Available Now!
SIRE SPIRITS ULTIMATE VIP LOUNGE PACKAGE
-One premium reserved ticket in the first 5 rows!*
-Exclusive access to the pre-show Sire Spirits VIP Lounge, including:
-Welcome glass of Le Chemin Du Roi Champagne**
-Beer, wine, and specialty Branson Cognac cocktails (2 drink tickets included)**
-Hot and cold appetizers
-Photo booth opportunities, music and more!
-One VIP parking space per order (where available)
-Commemorative VIP laminate
-Exclusive VIP merchandise item
-Photo opportunity in front of the 50 CENT VIP backdrop
-Pre-show merchandise shopping opportunity
-Early entry into the building
-Dedicated check-in and merchandise pick up location***

*Locations may vary by venue, see specific date for details.
**Local liquor laws apply, champagne and specialty cocktails based on product availability per market.
***No artist participation included in package.

SIRE SPIRITS VIP LOUNGE PACKAGE
-One premium reserved ticket in the first 10 rows!*
-Exclusive access to the pre-show Sire Spirits VIP Lounge, including:
-Welcome glass of Le Chemin Du Roi Champagne**
-Beer, wine, and specialty Branson Cognac cocktails (2 drink tickets included)**
-Hot and cold appetizers
-Photo booth opportunities, music and more!
-Commemorative VIP laminate
-Exclusive VIP merchandise item
-Photo opportunity in front of the 50 CENT VIP backdrop
-Pre-show merchandise shopping opportunity
-Early entry into the building
-Dedicated check-in and merchandise pick up location***

*Locations may vary by venue, see specific date for details.
**Local liquor laws apply, champagne and specialty cocktails based on product availability per market.
***No artist participation included in package.

GOLD PREMIUM TICKET PACKAGE
-One premium reserved ticket to the show*
-Commemorative VIP laminate
-Exclusive VIP merchandise item
-Dedicated check-in and merchandise pick up location**

*Locations may vary by venue, see specific date for details.
**No artist participation included in package.

SILVER PREMIUM TICKET PACKAGE
-One premium reserved ticket to the show*
-Commemorative VIP laminate
-Exclusive VIP merchandise item
-Dedicated check-in and merchandise pick up location**

*Locations may vary by venue, see specific date for details.
**No artist participation included in package.

-
Luis Miguel Tour 2023
luis_miguel.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
Luis Miguel will perform in 21 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the Luis Miguel details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue. You can find the complete list of all shows on luismigueloficial.com.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When do presales start?

There may be a few presales for Luis Miguel. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The Luis Miguel general onsale starts Friday, May 5, 2023 at 10 a.m. local venue time.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for Luis Miguel by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

VIP Packages
Luis Miguel is offering VIP experiences. Here’s what you can expect:

Premium Seating and Hospitality Experience
El Sol de Mexico Lounge Experience
Incondicional Merchandise Package (TICKET NOT INCLUDED)
See Full VIP Details!

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the Luis Miguel details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
9/15/2023	Las Vegas, NV	Dolby Live	Luis Miguel @ Dolby Live
9/16/2023	Las Vegas, NV	Dolby Live	Luis Miguel @ Dolby Live
9/17/2023	Las Vegas, NV	Dolby Live	Luis Miguel @ Dolby Live
9/20/2023	Anaheim, CA	Honda Center	Luis Miguel @ Honda Center
9/24/2023	Inglewood, CA	Kia Forum	Luis Miguel @ Kia Forum
9/27/2023	Ontario, CA	Toyota Arena	Luis Miguel @ Toyota Arena
9/30/2023	Palm Desert, CA	Acrisure Arena at Greater Palm Springs	Luis Miguel @ Acrisure Arena at Greater Palm Springs
10/5/2023	Rosemont, IL	Allstate Arena	Luis Miguel @ Allstate Arena
10/6/2023	Indianapolis, IN	Gainbridge Fieldhouse	Luis Miguel @ Gainbridge Fieldhouse
10/8/2023	New York, NY	Madison Square Garden	Luis Miguel @ Madison Square Garden
10/13/2023	Miami, FL	Kaseya Center	Luis Miguel @ Kaseya Center
10/15/2023	Tampa, FL	Amalie Arena	Luis Miguel @ Amalie Arena
10/18/2023	Boston, MA	TD Garden	Luis Miguel @ TD Garden
10/20/2023	Washington, DC	Capital One Arena	Luis Miguel @ Capital One Arena
10/21/2023	Newark, NJ	Prudential Center	Luis Miguel @ Prudential Center
10/22/2023	Belmont Park - Long Island, NY	UBS Arena	Luis Miguel @ UBS Arena
10/26/2023	Oklahoma City, OK	Paycom Center	Luis Miguel @ Paycom Center
10/28/2023	Hidalgo, TX	Payne Arena	Luis Miguel @ Payne Arena
10/29/2023	Dallas, TX	American Airlines Center	Luis Miguel @ American Airlines Center
11/4/2023	San Antonio, TX	AT&T Center	Luis Miguel @ AT&T Center
11/5/2023	Austin, TX	Moody Center	Luis Miguel @ Moody Center
-
Shinedown: Revolutions Live
shinedown.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
Shinedown will perform in 24 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the Shinedown details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue. You can find the complete list of all shows on shinedown.com

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When does the Citi® Cardmember Presale start?

Citi® Cardmember Presale starts Wednesday, May 3, 2023 at 10:00 a.m. local venue time.

How does the Citi® Cardmember Presale work?

To get your presale instructions, select your sale below:

Citi® Cardmember Presale instructions

When do other presales start?

There may be a few presales for Shinedown. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The Shinedown general onsale starts Friday, May 5, 2023 at 10:00 a.m. local venue time.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for Shinedown by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

VIP Packages
Shinedown is offering VIP experiences. Here’s what you can expect:

Behind The Scenes Experience
Planet Zero Early Entry Package
See Full VIP Details!

Papa Roach VIP Packages

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the Shinedown details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
9/3/2023	Maryland Heights, MO	Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre	Shinedown @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
9/4/2023	Kansas City, MO	T-Mobile Center	Shinedown @ T-Mobile Center
9/6/2023	Cuyahoga Falls, OH	Blossom Music Center	Shinedown @ Blossom Music Center
9/8/2023	Burgettstown, PA	The Pavilion at Star Lake	Shinedown @ The Pavilion at Star Lake
9/12/2023	Clarkston, MI	Pine Knob Music Theatre	Shinedown @ Pine Knob Music Theatre
9/13/2023	Syracuse, NY	St. Joseph's Health Amphitheater at Lakeview	Shinedown @ St. Joseph's Health Amphitheater at Lakeview
9/16/2023	Camden, NJ	Freedom Mortgage Pavilion	Shinedown @ Freedom Mortgage Pavilion
9/19/2023	Gilford, NH	Bank of New Hampshire Pavilion	Shinedown @ Bank of New Hampshire Pavilion
9/21/2023	Bangor, ME	Maine Savings Amphitheater	Shinedown @ Maine Savings Amphitheater
9/23/2023	Mansfield, MA	Xfinity Center	Shinedown @ Xfinity Center
9/24/2023	Newark, NJ	Prudential Center	Shinedown @ Prudential Center
9/26/2023	Simpsonville, SC	CCNB Amphitheatre at Heritage Park	Shinedown @ CCNB Amphitheatre at Heritage Park
9/27/2023	Atlanta, GA	Lakewood Amphitheater	Shinedown @ Lakewood Amphitheater
9/29/2023	Tampa, FL	MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre	Shinedown @ MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre
9/30/2023	Hollywood, FL	Hard Rock Live	Shinedown @ Hard Rock Live
10/3/2023	Franklin, TN	FirstBank Amphitheater	Shinedown @ FirstBank Amphitheater
10/6/2023	Allen, TX	Credit Union of Texas Event Center	Shinedown @ Credit Union of Texas Event Center
10/8/2023	Woodlands, TX	The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion	Shinedown @ The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion
10/9/2023	San Antonio, TX	Freeman Coliseum	Shinedown @ Freeman Coliseum
10/12/2023	Phoenix, AZ	Talking Stick Resort Amphitheatre	Shinedown @ Talking Stick Resort Amphitheatre
10/15/2023	Irvine, CA	FivePoint Amphitheatre	Shinedown @ FivePoint Amphitheatre
10/17/2023	West Valley City, UT	USANA Amphitheatre	Shinedown @ USANA Amphitheatre
10/19/2023	Albuquerque, NM	Isleta Amphitheater	Shinedown @ Isleta Amphitheater
10/20/2023	Denver, CO	Ball Arena	Shinedown @ Ball Arena

Papa Roach VIP Packages Available Now!

HUGE EGO TRIP - Premium VIP Package

- Floor / Pit Ticket
- Priority Entry into the Venue
- Autographed, Exclusive & Limited Edition Art Print
- Autographed Ego Trip Deluxe Packaging CD
- Commemorative EGO TRIP Amusement Park Collectable Token in a Custom Box
- Exclusive Custom Papa Roach Football
- Papa Roach "Don't Swerve In My Lane" License Plate Frame
- Exclusive Commemorative VIP Laminate
- Early Tour Merchandise Shopping


BIG EGO TRIP - VIP Package

- Premium Reserved Seat
- Priority Entrance into the Venue
- Exclusive & Limited Edition Art Print
- Autographed Ego Trip Deluxe Packaging CD
- Commemorative EGO TRIP Amusement Park Collectable Token in a Custom Box
- Papa Roach "Don't Swerve In My Lane" License Plate Frame
- Exclusive Commemorative VIP Laminate
- Early Tour Merchandise Shopping

Citi® Cardmember Presale instructions
If you have a Citi credit card or Citi MasterCard debit card, the Citi presale code for a Citi® Cardmember Presale is the first six digits of your account number (no dashes) on the front of your card. You must use the same card for purchase.

Citi Preferred tickets don't require a password, but will require a Citi credit card to purchase.

Don’t have a card? Apply today.

To see all current Citi Cardmember offers or to link your Citi Card visit the our Citi Cardmembers page.

-
Jonas Brothers - Five Albums One Night
jonas_brothers.jpg

Key Dates and Times to Know
Registration
Registration is now open and closes on Saturday, May 6 at 11:59 p.m. ET.

Registration Site: https://verifiedfan.ticketmaster.com/jonasbrothers

For more information on Verified Fan, please visit blog.ticketmaster.com/verifiedfan-faq.

Invitation
Verified Fan Presale Invitations will be sent on the evening before the Verified Fan Presale is scheduled to start to fans who have been verified and invited to shop. In that invitation email, we will include timing details for when you will receive a link to where you can purchase your tickets and your unique access code.

Before the sale begins, we’ll text the number you provided during registration with your unique access code and link to buy tickets.

Remember, only Ticketmaster can provide access codes. Visit the blog How to Avoid Fake “Speculative” Tickets for Live Events for more information on how to spot fake tickets.

Presale
The Jonas Brothers Verified Fan presale starts Tuesday, May 9, 2023 starting at 10 a.m. local venue time. Only Verified Fans with approved links will be able to join.

No Verified Fan tickets have been sold yet.

Important Things to Know During the VF Presale
If I receive a code, am I guaranteed tickets?

You can shop for tickets if you receive an access code, but it’s not guaranteed you’ll be able to purchase tickets. They’re available on a first come, first served basis.

How many tickets can I buy with my code?

You can purchase up to 6 tickets with your unique code and only for the show indicated in the text you received.

Can I share my access code?

Verified Fan codes can't be purchased or transferred. Your access code is unique to your individual account.

How do I join the queue?

By signing in through the link we texted the phone number you provided during registration, you can easily access the queue.

I got an email saying I’m on the waitlist, what does that mean?

When demand exceeds availability, a lottery-style process will determine which registered Verified Fans will receive a unique access code and which will be put on the waitlist.
Receiving an email saying you’re on the waitlist means that if tickets remain, we may text you an access code to join the ticket sale. The lottery-style process will be used to determine who gets off the waitlist. 

Need additional help with your unique Verified Fan code?

We’re here to help. To reach Fan Support about your code, follow these steps:

Visit this form.
Under the Please select a topic section, select Verified Fan.
Under Event name, type Jonas Brothers.
Fill in the other required fields.
Submit your form.
Have questions about Ticketmaster Verified Fan? Visit our Verified Fan blog to learn more.
-
Ray LaMontagne
ray_lamontagne.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
Ray LaMontagne will perform in 20 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the Ray LaMontagne details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue. You can find the complete list of all shows on raylamontagne.com.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When do presales start?

There may be a few presales for Ray LaMontagne. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The Ray LaMontagne general onsale starts Friday, May 5, 2023 at 10 a.m. local venue time.

How many tickets can I buy?

You can purchase up to 4 tickets.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for Ray LaMontagne by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

Delivery
Ray LaMontagne tickets have a delivery delay — the period of time between the purchase and access to a ticket. It’s used to prevent tickets from being accessed until we can confirm everyone has adhered to the event ticket limit and didn’t use unfair ticket technology to buy in bulk.

If your order has a delivery delay, mobile ticket barcodes won’t be available until the delivery delay passes.

The delivery delay for Ray LaMontagne is in place until approximately 7 days before your event date.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the Ray LaMontagne details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
9/6/2023	Atlanta, GA	Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre	Ray LaMontagne @ Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre
9/9/2023	Asheville, NC	Harrah's Cherokee Center - Asheville	Ray LaMontagne @ Harrah's Cherokee Center - Asheville
9/12/2023	Port Chester, NY	The Capitol Theatre	Ray LaMontagne @ The Capitol Theatre
9/15/2023	Boston, MA	Boch Center Wang Theatre	Ray LaMontagne @ Boch Center Wang Theatre
9/19/2023	Philadelphia, PA	The Met	Ray LaMontagne @ The Met
9/20/2023	Wallingford, CT	Toyota Oakdale Theatre	Ray LaMontagne @ Toyota Oakdale Theatre
9/22/2023	Rochester, NY	Kodak Center	Ray LaMontagne @ Kodak Center
9/24/2023	Toronto, ON	Massey Hall	Ray LaMontagne @ Massey Hall
9/25/2023	Grand Rapids, MI	GLC Live at 20 Monroe	Ray LaMontagne @ GLC Live at 20 Monroe
9/27/2023	Chicago, IL	The Chicago Theatre	Ray LaMontagne @ The Chicago Theatre
9/28/2023	Nashville, IN	Brown County Music Center	Ray LaMontagne @ Brown County Music Center
9/29/2023	Milwaukee, WI	Uihlein Hall Marcus Center	Ray LaMontagne @ Uihlein Hall Marcus Center
10/1/2023	Minneapolis, MN	State Theatre	Ray LaMontagne @ State Theatre
10/3/2023	Winnipeg, MB	Burton Cummings Theatre	Ray LaMontagne @ Burton Cummings Theatre
10/7/2023	Vancouver, BC	Queen Elizabeth Theatre	Ray LaMontagne @ Queen Elizabeth Theatre
10/8/2023	Seattle, WA	Paramount Theatre	Ray LaMontagne @ Paramount Theatre
10/12/2023	Wheatland, CA	Hard Rock Live	Ray LaMontagne @ Hard Rock Live
10/13/2023	San Francisco, CA	The Masonic	Ray LaMontagne @ The Masonic
10/14/2023	Los Angeles, CA	Orpheum Theatre	Ray LaMontagne @ Orpheum Theatre
10/15/2023	Los Angeles, CA	Orpheum Theatre	Ray LaMontagne @ Orpheum Theatre
-
Old Dominion: No Bad Vibes Tour
old_dominion.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
Old Dominion will perform in 26 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the Old Dominion details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue. You can find the complete list of all shows on weareolddominion.com.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When do presales start?

There may be a few presales for Old Dominion. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The Old Dominion general onsale starts Friday, May 5, 2023 at 10 a.m. local venue time.

Delivery
Old Dominion tickets are mobile only.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for Old Dominion by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

VIP Packages
Old Dominion is offering VIP experiences. Here’s what you can expect:

NO BAD VIBES VIP PACKAGE
ONE MAN BAND VIP PACKAGE
WRITTEN IN THE SAND VIP PACKAGE
See Full VIP Details!

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the Old Dominion details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
9/8/2023	Milwaukee, WI	Fiserv Forum	Old Dominion @ Fiserv Forum
9/9/2023	St. Paul, MN	Xcel Energy Center	Old Dominion @ Xcel Energy Center
9/14/2023	Detroit, MI	Little Caesars Arena	Old Dominion @ Little Caesars Arena
9/15/2023	Pittsburgh, PA	PPG Paints Arena	Old Dominion @ PPG Paints Arena
9/16/2023	Niagara Falls, ON	OLG Stage at Fallsview Casino	Old Dominion @ OLG Stage at Fallsview Casino
9/21/2023	Boston, MA	TD Garden	Old Dominion @ TD Garden
9/22/2023	Uncasville, CT	Mohegan Sun Arena	Old Dominion @ Mohegan Sun Arena
9/23/2023	Elmont, NY	UBS Arena	Old Dominion @ UBS Arena
9/28/2023	Charleston, SC	Credit One Stadium	Old Dominion @ Credit One Stadium
9/29/2023	Charlotte, NC	Spectrum Center	Old Dominion @ Spectrum Center
9/30/2023	Raleigh, NC	PNC Arena	Old Dominion @ PNC Arena
10/6/2023	Greenville, SC	Bon Secours Wellness Arena	Old Dominion @ Bon Secours Wellness Arena
10/7/2023	Atlanta, GA	State Farm Arena	Old Dominion @ State Farm Arena
10/26/2023	Glendale, AZ	Desert Diamond Arena	Old Dominion @ Desert Diamond Arena
11/1/2023	Seattle, WA	Climate Pledge Arena	Old Dominion @ Climate Pledge Arena
11/2/2023	Portland, OR	Moda Center	Old Dominion @ Moda Center
11/4/2023	Salt Lake City, UT	Vivint Arena	Old Dominion @ Vivint Arena
11/16/2023	Fort Wayne, IN	Allen County War Memorial Coliseum	Old Dominion @ Allen County War Memorial Coliseum
11/17/2023	Rosemont, IL	Allstate Arena	Old Dominion @ Allstate Arena
11/18/2023	St. Louis, MO	Enterprise Center	Old Dominion @ Enterprise Center
12/1/2023	State College, PA	Bryce Jordan Center	Old Dominion @ Bryce Jordan Center
12/2/2023	Baltimore, MD	CFG Bank Arena	Old Dominion @ CFG Bank Arena
12/9/2023	Lincoln, NE	Pinnacle Bank Arena	Old Dominion @ Pinnacle Bank Arena
12/13/2023	Columbus, OH	Nationwide Arena	Old Dominion @ Nationwide Arena
12/14/2023	Louisville, KY	KFC Yum! Center	Old Dominion @ KFC Yum! Center
12/15/2023	Nashville, TN	Bridgestone Arena	Old Dominion @ Bridgestone Arena
-
Aerosmith: PEACE OUT The Farewell Tour
aerosmith.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
Aerosmith will perform in 38 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the Aerosmith details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue. You can find the complete list of all shows on aerosmith.com.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When do presales start?

There may be a few presales for Aerosmith. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The Aerosmith general onsale starts Friday, May 5, 2023 at 10 a.m. local venue time.

How many tickets can I buy?

You can purchase up to 8 tickets.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for Aerosmith by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

VIP Packages
Aerosmith is offering VIP experiences. Here’s what you can expect:

Aerosmith THX Certified PIT VIP Experience
Aerosmith Gold Seat VIP Package
Steven Tyler and Joe Perry VIP Meet & Greet Upgrade - Upgrade ONLY (NO TICKET INCLUDED)
See Full VIP Details!

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the Aerosmith details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Event Page	Event Page
9/6/2023	Pittsburgh, PA	PPG Paints Arena	Aerosmith @ PPG Paints Arena
9/9/2023	Elmont, NY	UBS Arena	Aerosmith @ UBS Arena
9/12/2023	Toronto, ON	Scotiabank Arena	Aerosmith @ Scotiabank Arena
9/15/2023	Chicago, IL	United Center	Aerosmith @ United Center
9/18/2023	Detroit, MI	Little Caesars Arena	Aerosmith @ Little Caesars Arena
9/24/2023	Raleigh, NC	PNC Arena	Aerosmith @ PNC Arena
9/27/2023	Washington DC	Capital One Arena	Aerosmith @ Capital One Arena
10/11/2023	Tampa, FL	Amalie Arena	Aerosmith @ Amalie Arena
10/14/2023	Atlanta, GA	State Farm Arena	Aerosmith @ State Farm Arena
10/17/2023	Charlotte, NC	Spectrum Center	Aerosmith @ Spectrum Center
10/20/2023	Fort Lauderdale, FL	FLA Live Arena	Aerosmith @ FLA Live Arena
10/23/2023	Austin, TX	Moody Center	Aerosmith @ Moody Center
10/26/2023	St Louis, MO	Enterprise Center	Aerosmith @ Enterprise Center
10/29/2023	Indianapolis, IN	Gainbridge Fieldhouse	Aerosmith @ Gainbridge Fieldhouse
11/1/2023	San Antonio, TX	AT&T Center	Aerosmith @ AT&T Center
11/4/2023	Tulsa, OK	BOK Center	Aerosmith @ BOK Center
11/7/2023	Dallas, TX	American Airlines Center	Aerosmith @ American Airlines Center
11/10/2023	Omaha, NE	CHI Health Center Omaha	Aerosmith @ CHI Health Center Omaha
11/13/2023	St Paul, MN	Xcel Energy Center	Aerosmith @ Xcel Energy Center
11/16/2023	Kansas City, MO	T-Mobile Center	Aerosmith @ T-Mobile Center
11/19/2023	Denver, CO	Ball Arena	Aerosmith @ Ball Arena
11/22/2023	Salt Lake City, UT	Vivint Arena	Aerosmith @ Vivint Arena
11/25/2023	Portland, OR	Moda Center	Aerosmith @ Moda Center
11/28/2023	Seattle, WA	Climate Pledge Arena	Aerosmith @ Climate Pledge Arena
12/1/2023	San Francisco, CA	Chase Center	Aerosmith @ Chase Center
12/4/2023	San Jose, CA	SAP Center	Aerosmith @ SAP Center
12/7/2023	Los Angeles, CA	Kia Forum	Aerosmith @ Kia Forum
12/10/2023	Phoenix, AZ	Footprint Center	Aerosmith @ Footprint Center
12/28/2023	Newark, NJ	Prudential Center	Aerosmith @ Prudential Center
12/31/2023	Boston, MA	TD Garden	Aerosmith @ TD Garden
1/4/2024	Cincinnati, OH	Heritage Bank Center	Aerosmith @ Heritage Bank Center
1/7/2024	Louisville, KY	KFC Yum! Center	Aerosmith @ KFC Yum! Center
1/10/2024	Nashville, TN	Bridgestone Arena	Aerosmith @ Bridgestone Arena
1/13/2024	Knoxville, TN	Thompson-Boling Arena	Aerosmith @ Thompson-Boling Arena
1/16/2024	Buffalo, NY	KeyBank Center	Aerosmith @ KeyBank Center
1/19/2024	New York, NY	Madison Square Garden	Aerosmith @ Madison Square Garden
1/23/2024	Columbus, OH	Schottenstein Center	Aerosmith @ Schottenstein Center
1/26/2024	Montreal, QC	Centre Bell	Aerosmith @ Centre Bell
-
Ed Sheeran - Subtract Tour
ed_sheeran.jpg

Key Dates and Times to Know
Registration
Verified Fan registration is now open and will close on Sunday, April 30 at 11:59 p.m. ET

Registration Site: https://verifiedfan.ticketmaster.com/subtracttour2023

Invitation
Verified Fan Onsale Invitations will be sent on the evening before the Verified Fan Onsale is scheduled to start to fans who have been verified and invited to shop. In that invitation email, we will include timing details for when you will receive a link to where you can purchase your tickets and your unique access code.

Before the sale begins, we’ll text the number you provided during registration with your unique access code and link to buy tickets.

Remember, only Ticketmaster can provide access codes. Visit the blog How to Avoid Fake “Speculative” Tickets for Live Events for more information on how to spot fake tickets.

Important Things to Know During the VF Onsale
If I receive a code, am I guaranteed tickets?

You can shop for tickets if you receive an access code, but it’s not guaranteed you’ll be able to purchase tickets. They’re available on a first come, first served basis.

How many tickets can I buy with my code?

You can purchase up to 2 tickets with your unique code and only for the show indicated in the text you received.

Can I share my access code?

Verified Fan codes can't be purchased or transferred. Your access code is unique to your individual account.

How do I join the queue?

By signing in through the link we texted the phone number you provided during registration, you can easily access the queue.

I got an email saying I’m on the waitlist, what does that mean?

When demand exceeds availability, a lottery-style process will determine which registered Verified Fans will receive a unique access code and which will be put on the waitlist.

Receiving an email saying you’re on the waitlist means that if tickets remain, we may text you an access code to join the ticket sale. The lottery-style process will be used to determine who gets off the waitlist.

Delivery
Ed Sheeran tickets have a delivery delay — the period of time between the purchase and access to a ticket. It’s used to prevent tickets from being accessed until we can confirm everyone has adhered to the event ticket limit and didn’t use unfair ticket technology to buy in bulk.

If your order has a delivery delay, mobile ticket barcodes won’t be available until the delivery delay passes.

The delivery delay for Ed Sheeran tickets is in place until approximately 72 hours before your event date.

Need additional help with your unique Verified Fan code?
We’re here to help. To reach Fan Support about your code, follow these steps:

Visit this form.
Under the Please select a topic section, select Verified Fan.
Under Event name, type Ed Sheeran.
Fill in the other required fields.
Submit your form.
Have questions about Ticketmaster Verified Fan? Visit our Verified Fan blog to learn more.
-
Karol G
karol_g.jpg

Key Dates and Times to Know
Registration
Verified Fan registration is closed.

Invitation
Verified Fan Presale Invitations will be sent on the evening before the Verified Fan Presale is scheduled to start to fans who have been verified and invited to shop. In that invitation email, we will include timing details for when you will receive a link to where you can purchase your tickets and your unique access code.

Before the sale begins, we’ll text the number you provided during registration with your unique access code and link to buy tickets.

Remember, only Ticketmaster can provide access codes. Visit the blog How to Avoid Fake “Speculative” Tickets for Live Events for more information on how to spot fake tickets.

Important Things to Know During the VF Presale
If I receive a code, am I guaranteed tickets?

You can shop for tickets if you receive an access code, but it’s not guaranteed you’ll be able to purchase tickets. They’re available on a first come, first served basis.

How many tickets can I buy with my code?

You can purchase up to 8 tickets with your unique code and only for the show indicated in the text you received.

Can I share my access code?

Verified Fan codes can't be purchased or transferred. Your access code is unique to your individual account.

How do I join the queue?

By signing in through the link we texted the phone number you provided during registration, you can easily access the queue.

I got an email saying I’m on the waitlist, what does that mean?

When demand exceeds availability, a lottery-style process will determine which registered Verified Fans will receive a unique access code and which will be put on the waitlist.

Receiving an email saying you’re on the waitlist means that if tickets remain, we may text you an access code to join the ticket sale. The lottery-style process will be used to determine who gets off the waitlist.

Need additional help with your unique Verified Fan code?
We’re here to help. To reach Fan Support about your code, follow these steps:

Visit this form: https://help.livenation.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=5957004019217
Under the Please select a topic section, select Verified Fan.
Under Event name, type Karol G.
Fill in the other required fields.
Submit your form.
Have questions about Ticketmaster Verified Fan? Visit our Verified Fan blog to learn more.
-
6LACK - Since I Have a Lover Tour
6lack.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
6lack will perform in 24 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the 6lack details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue. You can find the complete list of all shows on 6lack.com.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When do presales start?

There may be a few presales for 6lack. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The 6lack general onsale starts Thursday, April 28, 2023. Start times may vary. Please use the Ticketmaster Event Chart to check start times for your event.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for 6lack by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

VIP Packages
6lack is offering VIP experiences. Here’s what you can expect:

LOVER MEET & GREET EXPERIENCE PACKAGE
TALKBACK VIP PACKAGE
See Full VIP Details!

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the 6lack details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
10/1/2023	Portland, OR	Theater of the Clouds at Moda Center	6lack @ Theater of the Clouds at Moda Center
10/5/2023	Seattle, WA	WAMU Theater	6lack @ WAMU Theater
10/7/2023	San Francisco, CA	The Masonic	6lack @ The Masonic
10/10/2023	Inglewood, CA	YouTube Theater	6lack @ YouTube Theater
10/13/2023	Phoenix, AZ	The Van Buren	6lack @ The Van Buren
10/17/2023	Denver, CO	Fillmore Auditorium	6lack @ Fillmore Auditorium
10/19/2023	St Louis, MO	The Pageant	6lack @ The Pageant
10/21/2023	Irving, TX	The Pavilion at Toyota Music Factory	6lack @ The Pavilion at Toyota Music Factory
10/25/2023	Houston, TX	Bayou Music Center	6lack @ Bayou Music Center
10/26/2023	New Orleans, LA	The Fillmore New Orleans	6lack @ The Fillmore New Orleans
10/31/2023	Minneapolis, MN	The Fillmore	6lack @ The Fillmore
11/1/2023	Chicago, IL	Byline Bank Aragon Ballroom	6lack @ Byline Bank Aragon Ballroom
11/2/2023	Detroit, MI	The Fillmore Detroit	6lack @ The Fillmore Detroit
11/5/2023	New York, NY	Hammerstein Ballroom	6lack @ Hammerstein Ballroom
11/8/2023	Washington, DC	The Anthem	6lack @ The Anthem
11/10/2023	Boston, MA	MGM Music Hall at Fenway	6lack @ MGM Music Hall at Fenway
11/11/2023	Montreal, QC	MTELUS	6lack @ MTELUS
11/13/2023	Toronto, ON	History	6lack @ History
11/16/2023	Philadelphia, PA	The Fillmore Philadelphia	6lack @ The Fillmore Philadelphia
11/18/2023	Raleigh, NC	The Ritz	6lack @ The Ritz
11/19/2023	Charlotte, NC	The Fillmore Charlotte	6lack @ The Fillmore Charlotte
11/21/2023	Orlando, FL	Hard Rock Live	6lack @ Hard Rock Live
11/22/2023	Miami, FL	Kaseya Center	6lack @ Kaseya Center
11/24/2023	Atlanta, GA	State Farm Arena	6lack @ State Farm Arena
-
Derek Hough - Symphony Of Dance
derek_hough.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
Derek Hough will perform in 36 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the Derek Hough details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue. You can find the complete list of all shows on derekhough.com.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When do presales start?

There may be a few presales for Derek Hough. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The Derek Hough general onsale starts Thursday, April 28, 2023. Start times may vary. Please use the Ticketmaster Event Chart to check start times for your event.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for Derek Hough by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

VIP Packages
Derek Hough is offering VIP experiences. Here’s what you can expect:

Supreme Package
Ultimate Package
Q&A Package
Merchandise Package
See Full VIP Details!

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the Derek Hough details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Venue Page
9/28/2023	Las Vegas, NV	Pearl Theater	Derek Hough @ Pearl Theater
9/29/2023	Riverside, CA	Fox Performing Arts Center	Derek Hough @ Fox Performing Arts Center
9/30/2023	Inglewood, CA	YouTube Theater	Derek Hough @ YouTube Theater
10/1/2023	Reno, NV	Silver Legacy Casino	Derek Hough @ Silver Legacy Casino
10/4/2023	Seattle, WA	Paramount Theatre	Derek Hough @ Paramount Theatre
10/6/2023	Boise, ID	Idaho Central Arena	Derek Hough @ Idaho Central Arena
10/17/2023	Cincinnati, OH	The Andrew J Brady Music Center	Derek Hough @ The Andrew J Brady Music Center
10/20/2023	Rosemont, IL	Rosemont Theatre	Derek Hough @ Rosemont Theatre
10/21/2023	Peoria, IL	Peoria Civic Center	Derek Hough @ Peoria Civic Center
10/26/2023	Grand Rapids, MI	DeVos Performance Hall	Derek Hough @ DeVos Performance Hall
10/28/2023	Rama, ON	Casino Rama Resort	Derek Hough @ Casino Rama Resort
10/31/2023	Minneapolis, MN	State Theatre	Derek Hough @ State Theatre
11/1/2023	Appleton, WI	Fox Cities PAC	Derek Hough @ Fox Cities PAC
11/3/2023	Akron, OH	Akron Civic Theater	Derek Hough @ Akron Civic Theater
11/4/2023	Indianapolis, IN	Old National Centre	Derek Hough @ Old National Centre
11/5/2023	St. Louis, MO	Stifel Theatre	Derek Hough @ Stifel Theatre
11/7/2023	Kansas City, MO	Music Hall Kansas City	Derek Hough @ Music Hall Kansas City
11/10/2023	Albany, NY	The Palace Theatre	Derek Hough @ The Palace Theatre
11/11/2023	Hershey, PA	Hershey Theatre	Derek Hough @ Hershey Theatre
11/14/2023	Durham, NC	Durham Performing Arts Center	Derek Hough @ Durham Performing Arts Center
11/15/2023	Atlanta, GA	Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre	Derek Hough @ Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre
11/16/2023	New Orleans, LA	Saenger Theatre	Derek Hough @ Saenger Theatre
11/18/2023	Louisville, KY	The Louisville Palace	Derek Hough @ The Louisville Palace
11/21/2023	Boston, MA	Orpheum Theatre	Derek Hough @ Orpheum Theatre
11/22/2023	Red Bank, NJ	The Vogel	Derek Hough @ The Vogel
11/25/2023	Uncasville, CT	Mohegan Sun Arena	Derek Hough @ Mohegan Sun Arena
11/28/2023	New York, NY	Beacon Theatre	Derek Hough @ Beacon Theatre
12/1/2023	Atlantic City, NJ	Caesars Atlantic City	Derek Hough @ Caesars Atlantic City
12/2/2023	Reading, PA	The Santander Performing Arts Center	Derek Hough @ The Santander Performing Arts Center
12/3/2023	Brookville, NY	Tilles Center Concert Hall	Derek Hough @ Tilles Center Concert Hall
12/6/2023	National Harbor , MD	The Theater at MGM National Harbor	Derek Hough @ The Theater at MGM National Harbor
12/7/2023	Virginia Beach, VA	Sandler Center For The Performing Arts	Derek Hough @ Sandler Center For The Performing Arts
12/10/2023	Hollywood, FL	Hard Rock Live	Derek Hough @ Hard Rock Live
12/11/2023	Tampa, FL	Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino	Derek Hough @ Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino
12/21/2023	San Jose, CA	San Jose Center for the Performing Arts	Derek Hough @ San Jose Center for the Performing Arts
12/23/2023	Idaho Falls, ID	Hero Arena at Mountain America	Derek Hough @ Hero Arena at Mountain America
-
LL COOL J: The F.O.R.C.E. Live
ll_cool_j.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
LL Cool J will perform in 20 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the LL Cool J details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When does the Citi® Cardmember Presale start?

Citi® Cardmember Presale starts Tuesday, April 25, 2023 at 12:00 p.m. local venue time.

How does the Citi® Cardmember Presale work?

To get your presale instructions, select your sale below:

Citi® Cardmember Presale instructions

When do other presales start?

There may be a few presales for LL Cool J. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The LL Cool J general onsale starts Friday, April 28, 2023 at 10:00 a.m. local venue time.

How many tickets can I buy?

You can purchase up to 8 tickets.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for LL Cool J by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

VIP Packages
LL Cool J is offering VIP experiences. Here’s what you can expect:

ULTIMATE LL COOL J ON-STAGE PHOTO VIP PACKAGE
DIAMOND LL COOL J VIP PACKAGE
LL COOL J HOT TICKET VIP PACKAGE
See Full VIP Details!

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the LL Cool J details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
6/25/2023	Boston, MA	TD Garden	LL Cool J @ TD Garden
6/27/2023	Brooklyn, NY	Barclays Center	LL Cool J @ Barclays Center
6/28/2023	Newark, NJ	Prudential Center	LL Cool J @ Prudential Center
6/29/2023	Toronto, ON	Scotiabank Arena	LL Cool J @ Scotiabank Arena
7/1/2023	Baltimore, MD	CFG Bank Arena	LL Cool J @ CFG Bank Arena
7/2/2023	Washington, DC	Capital One Arena	LL Cool J @ Capital One Arena
7/4/2023	Atlanta, GA	State Farm Arena	LL Cool J @ State Farm Arena
7/6/2023	Hollywood, FL	Hard Rock Live	LL Cool J @ Hard Rock Live
7/8/2023	Raleigh, NC	PNC Arena	LL Cool J @ PNC Arena
7/9/2023	Charlotte, NC	Spectrum Center	LL Cool J @ Spectrum Center
8/13/2023	Chicago, IL	United Center	LL Cool J @ United Center
8/18/2023	Detroit, MI	Little Caesars Arena	LL Cool J @ Little Caesars Arena
8/19/2023	St Louis, MO	Enterprise Center	LL Cool J @ Enterprise Center
8/20/2023	Indianapolis, IN	Gainbridge Fieldhouse	LL Cool J @ Gainbridge Fieldhouse
8/22/2023	Memphis, TN	Fedex Forum	LL Cool J @ Fedex Forum
8/23/2023	New Orleans, LA	Smoothie King Center	LL Cool J @ Smoothie King Center
8/24/2023	Fort Worth, TX	Dickies Arena	LL Cool J @ Dickies Arena
8/29/2023	Denver, CO	Ball Arena	LL Cool J @ Ball Arena
9/1/2023	San Francisco, CA	Chase Center	LL Cool J @ Chase Center
9/3/2023	Inglewood, CA	Kia Forum	LL Cool J @ Kia Forum

Citi® Cardmember Presale instructions
If you have a Citi credit card or Citi MasterCard debit card, the Citi presale code for a Citi® Cardmember Presale is the first six digits of your account number (no dashes) on the front of your card. You must use the same card for purchase.

Citi Preferred tickets don't require a password, but will require a Citi credit card to purchase.

Don’t have a card? Apply today.

To see all current Citi Cardmember offers or to link your Citi Card visit the our Citi Cardmembers page.

-
Alicia Keys: KEYS To The Summer Tour
alicia_keys.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
Alicia Keys will perform in 21 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the Alicia Keys details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue. You can find the complete list of all shows on aliciakeys.com.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When do presales start?

There may be a few presales for Alicia Keys. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The Alicia Keys general onsale starts Friday, April 21, 2023 at 9:00 a.m. local venue time.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for Alicia Keys by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

VIP Packages
Alicia Keys is offering VIP experiences. Here’s what you can expect:

ONE IN A TRILLION EXPERIENCE PACKAGE
UNBREAKABLE EXPERIENCE
EMPIRE EXPERIENCE
ON FIRE EXPERIENCE
See Full VIP Details!

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the Alicia Keys details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
6/28/2023	Sunrise, FL	FLA Live Arena	Alicia Keys @ FLA Live Arena
6/30/2023	Tampa, FL	Amalie Arena	Alicia Keys @ Amalie Arena
7/2/2023	Charlotte, NC	Spectrum Center	Alicia Keys @ Spectrum Center
7/3/2023	Atlanta, GA	State Farm Arena	Alicia Keys @ State Farm Arena
7/5/2023	Memphis, TN	Fedex Forum	Alicia Keys @ Fedex Forum
7/7/2023	Washington, DC	Capital One Arena	Alicia Keys @ Capital One Arena
7/9/2023	Boston, MA	TD Garden	Alicia Keys @ TD Garden
7/12/2023	Brooklyn, NY	Barclays Center	Alicia Keys @ Barclays Center
7/14/2023	Toronto, ON	Scotiabank Arena	Alicia Keys @ Scotiabank Arena
7/17/2023	Detroit, MI	Little Caesars Arena	Alicia Keys @ Little Caesars Arena
7/18/2023	Chicago, IL	United Center	Alicia Keys @ United Center
7/20/2023	Louisville, KY	KFC Yum! Center	Alicia Keys @ KFC Yum! Center
7/21/2023	St Louis, MO	Enterprise Center	Alicia Keys @ Enterprise Center
7/23/2023	New Orleans, LA	Smoothie King Center	Alicia Keys @ Smoothie King Center
7/24/2023	Austin, TX	Moody Center	Alicia Keys @ Moody Center
7/25/2023	Dallas, TX	American Airlines Center	Alicia Keys @ American Airlines Center
7/27/2023	Denver, CO	Ball Arena	Alicia Keys @ Ball Arena
7/28/2023	West Valley City, UT	Maverik Center	Alicia Keys @ Maverik Center
7/30/2023	Seattle, WA	Climate Pledge Arena	Alicia Keys @ Climate Pledge Arena
8/1/2023	Oakland, CA	Oakland Arena	Alicia Keys @ Oakland Arena
8/2/2023	Inglewood, CA	Kia Forum	Alicia Keys @ Kia Forum

-
Culture Club
culture_club.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
Culture Club will perform in 23 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the Culture Club details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue. You can find the complete list of all shows on boygeorgeandcultureclub.net.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When does the Citi® Cardmember Presale start?

Citi® Cardmember Presale starts Wednesday, April 19, 2023 at 10:00 a.m. local venue time.

How does the Citi® Cardmember Presale work?

To get your presale instructions, select your sale below:

Citi® Cardmember Presale instructions

When do other presales start?

There may be a few presales for Culture Club. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The Culture Club general onsale starts Friday, April 21, 2023 at 10:00 a.m. local venue time.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for Culture Club by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the Culture Club details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
7/13/2023	West Palm Beach, FL	iTHINK Financial Amphitheatre	Culture Club @ iTHINK Financial Amphitheatre
7/15/2023	Tampa, FL	MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre	Culture Club @ MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre
7/16/2023	Jacksonville, FL	Daily's Place	Culture Club @ Daily's Place
7/18/2023	Atlanta, Georgia	Cadence Bank Amphitheater	Culture Club @ Cadence Bank Amphitheater
7/19/2023	Charlotte, North Carolina	PNC Music Pavilion	Culture Club @ PNC Music Pavilion
7/20/2023	Nashville, TN	Ascend Amphitheater	Culture Club @ Ascend Amphitheater
7/22/2023	Bethel, New York	Bethel Woods Center for the Arts	Culture Club @ Bethel Woods Center for the Arts
7/23/2023	Wantagh, NY	Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater	Culture Club @ Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater
7/25/2023	Boston, MA	Xfinity Center	Culture Club @ Xfinity Center
7/26/2023	Holmdel, New Jersey	PNC Bank Arts Center	Culture Club @ PNC Bank Arts Center
7/28/2023	Washington, DC	Jiffy Lube Live	Culture Club @ Jiffy Lube Live
7/29/2023	Darien Lake, NY	Darien Lake Amphitheater	Culture Club @ Darien Lake Amphitheater
7/30/2023	Philadelphia, PA	The Mann Center	Culture Club @ The Mann Center
8/1/2023	Toronto, Ontario	Budweiser Stage	Culture Club @ Budweiser Stage
8/3/2023	Chicago, IL	Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre	Culture Club @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
8/4/2023	Detroit, MI	Pine Knob Music Theatre	Culture Club @ Pine Knob Music Theatre
8/5/2023	Cincinnati, Ohio	Riverbend Music Center	Culture Club @ Riverbend Music Center
8/10/2023	Dallas, Texas	Dos Equis Pavilion	Culture Club @ Dos Equis Pavilion
8/11/2023	Houston, TX	Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion	Culture Club @ Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion
8/12/2023	Austin, TX	Germania Insurance Amphitheater	Culture Club @ Germania Insurance Amphitheater
8/18/2023	Phoenix, AZ	Talking Stick Resort Amphitheatre	Culture Club @ Talking Stick Resort Amphitheatre
8/19/2023	San Diego, CA	North Island Credit Union Amphitheatre	Culture Club @ North Island Credit Union Amphitheatre
8/20/2023	Concord, California	Concord Pavilion	Culture Club @ Concord Pavilion
-
BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK: THE BABYKLOK TOUR
babymetal.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK will perform in 23 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the BABYMETAL details page or the DETHKLOK details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When does the Citi® Cardmember Presale start?

Citi® Cardmember Presale starts Tuesday, April 11, 2023 at 12:00 p.m. ET.

How does the Citi® Cardmember Presale work?

To get your presale instructions, select your sale below:

Citi® Cardmember Presale instructions

When do other presales start?

There may be a few presales for BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK general onsale starts Friday, April 14, 2023 at 10:00 a.m. local venue time.

How many tickets can I buy?

You can purchase up to 8 tickets.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

Delivery Delay
BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK tickets have a delivery delay — the period of time between the purchase and access to a ticket. It’s used to prevent tickets from being accessed until we can confirm everyone has adhered to the event ticket limit and didn’t use unfair ticket technology to buy in bulk.

If your order has a delivery delay, the tickets won’t be shipped and mobile ticket barcodes won’t be available until the delivery delay passes.

The delivery delay for Mudvayne tickets is in place until approximately 3 days before your event date.

VIP Packages
BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK are offering VIP experiences. Here’s what you can expect:

BABYMETAL - First Entry + Exclusive Merchandise
BABYMETAL - Priority Entry + Exclusive Merchandise
Dethklock M&G + Soundcheck Package
Dethklok Soundcheck Package
See Full VIP Details!

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the BABYMETAL details page or the DETHKLOK details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
8/30/2023	Houston, TX	713 Music Hall	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ 713 Music Hall
8/31/2023	Dallas, TX	South Side Ballroom	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ South Side Ballroom
9/2/2023	Orlando, FL	Orlando Amphitheater	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ Orlando Amphitheater
9/3/2023	Atlanta, GA	Coca-Cola Roxy	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ Coca-Cola Roxy
9/5/2023	Nashville, TN	Nashville Municipal Auditorium	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ Nashville Municipal Auditorium
9/8/2023	Corapolis, PA	UPMC Events Center	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ UPMC Events Center
9/9/2023	Wallingford, CT	Toyota Oakdale Theatre	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ Toyota Oakdale Theatre
9/12/2023	Philadelphia, PA	The Mann Center	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ The Mann Center
9/14/2023	Boston, MA	MGM Music Hall at Fenway	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ MGM Music Hall at Fenway
9/15/2023	New York, NY	Hammerstein Ballroom	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ Hammerstein Ballroom
9/17/2023	Sterling Heights, MI	Michigan Lottery Amphitheater	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ Michigan Lottery Amphitheater
9/18/2023	Toronto, ONT	RBC Echo Beach	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ RBC Echo Beach
9/20/2023	Grand Rapids, MI	GLC Live at 20 Monroe	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ GLC Live at 20 Monroe
9/21/2023	Chicago, IL	Byline Bank Aragon Ballroom	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ Byline Bank Aragon Ballroom
9/25/2023	Minneapolis, MN	The Fillmore	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ The Fillmore
9/27/2023	Maryland Heights, MO	Saint Louis Music Park	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ Saint Louis Music Park
9/28/2023	Omaha, NE	Steelhouse	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ Steelhouse
9/30/2023	Denver, CO	Fillmore Auditorium	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ Fillmore Auditorium
10/4/2023	Seattle, WA	WaMu Theater	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ WaMu Theater
10/8/2023	Las Vegas, NV	Pearl Theater	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ Pearl Theater
10/10/2023	Phoenix, AZ	Arizona Financial Theatre	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ Arizona Financial Theatre
10/11/2023	Los Angeles, CA	YouTube Theater	BABYMETAL & DETHKLOK @ YouTube Theater
-
Peter Frampton
peter_frampton.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
Peter Frampton will perform in 24 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the Peter Frampton details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue. You can find the complete list of all shows on frampton.com.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When do presales start?

There may be a few presales for Peter Frampton. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The Peter Frampton general onsale starts Friday, April 14, 2023. Start times may vary. Please use the Ticketmaster Event Chart to check start times for your event.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for Peter Frampton by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

VIP Packages
Peter Frampton is offering VIP experiences. Here’s what you can expect:

"Never Say Never" Front Row Experience
Peter Frampton VIP Merch Package
See Full VIP Details!

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the Peter Frampton details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
21-Jun-23	Huber Heights, OH	The Rose Music Center at The Heights	Peter Frampton @ The Rose Music Center
22-Jun-23	Cincinnati, OH	PNC Pavilion	Peter Frampton @ PNC Pavilion
24-Jun-23	Raleigh, NC	Red Hat Amphitheater	Peter Frampton @ Red Hat Amphitheater
25-Jun-23	Charlotte, NC	Skyla Credit Union Amphitheater	Peter Frampton @ Skyla Credit Union Amphitheater
27-Jun-23	Alpharetta, GA	Ameris Bank Amphitheatre	Peter Frampton @ Ameris Bank Amphitheatre
28-Jun-23	St. Augustine, FL	St. Augustine Amphitheatre	Peter Frampton @ St. Augustine Amphitheatre
30-Jun-23	Orlando, FL	Hard Rock Live - Orlando	Peter Frampton @ Hard Rock Live - Orlando
3-Jul-23	Hollywood, FL	Hard Rock Live - Hollywood	Peter Frampton @ Hard Rock Live - Hollywood
13-Jul-23	Gilford, NH	Bank of New Hampshire Pavilion	Peter Frampton @ Bank of New Hampshire Pavilion
15-Jul-23	Bethlehem, PA	The Wind Creek Event Center	Peter Frampton @ The Wind Creek Event Center
16-Jul-23	Atlantic City, NJ	Hard Rock Live at Etess Arena	Peter Frampton @ Hard Rock Live at Etess Arena
18-Jul-23	Boston, MA	MGM Music Hall at Fenway	Peter Frampton @ MGM Music Hall at Fenway
20-Jul-23	Oxon Hill, MD	The Theater at MGM National Harbor	Peter Frampton @ The Theater at MGM National Harbor
22-Jul-23	Mashantucket, CT	Premier Theater at Foxwoods Resorts Casino	Peter Frampton @ Premier Theater
23-Jul-23	Port Chester, NY	The Capitol Theatre	Peter Frampton @ The Capitol Theatre
25-Jul-23	Port Chester, NY	The Capitol Theatre	Peter Frampton @ The Capitol Theatre
26-Jul-23	Huntington, NY	The Paramount	Peter Frampton @ The Paramount
28-Jul-23	Verona, NY	Turning Stone Casino	Peter Frampton @ Turning Stone Casino
29-Jul-23	Niagara Falls, ON	Fallsview Casino	Peter Frampton @ Fallsview Casino
12-Aug-23	Lincoln, CA	The Venue at Thunder Valley	Peter Frampton @ The Venue at Thunder Valley
15-Aug-23	San Francisco, CA	The Masonic	Peter Frampton @ The Masonic
16-Aug-23	San Francisco, CA	The Masonic	Peter Frampton @ The Masonic
18-Aug-23	Las Vegas, NV	Pearl Theater	Peter Frampton @ Pearl Theater
19-Aug-23	Sandy, UT	Sandy Amphitheater	Peter Frampton @ Sandy Amphitheater
-
The 5 Seconds of Summer Show
5sos.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
5 Seconds of Summer will perform in 20 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the 5 Seconds of Summer details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue. You can find the complete list of all shows on 5sos.com.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When does the Citi® Cardmember Presale start?

Citi® Cardmember Presale starts Tuesday, April 11, 2023 at 10:00 a.m. local venue time.

How does the Citi® Cardmember Presale work?

To get your presale instructions, select your sale below:

Citi® Cardmember Presale instructions

When do other presales start?

There may be a few presales for 5 Seconds of Summer. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The 5 Seconds of Summer general onsale starts Friday, April 14, 2023 at 10:00 a.m. local venue time.

How many tickets can I buy?

You can purchase up to 8 tickets.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for 5 Seconds of Summer by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

VIP Packages
5 Seconds of Summer is offering VIP experiences. Here’s what you can expect:

FRIENDS OF FRIENDS LOUNGE & SOUNDCHECK EXPERIENCE VIP PACKAGE
SOUNDCHECK EXPERIENCE VIP PACKAGE
See Full VIP Details!

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the 5 Seconds of Summer details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
8/10/2023	Uncasville, CT	Mohegan Sun Arena	5 SOS @ Mohegan Sun Arena
8/12/2023	Boston, MA	MGM Music Hall at Fenway	5 SOS @ MGM Music Hall at Fenway
8/15/2023	Toronto, ON	Budweiser Stage	5 SOS @ Budweiser Stage
8/16/2023	Clarkston, MI	Pine Knob Music Theatre	5 SOS @ Pine Knob Music Theatre
8/18/2023	Bristow, VA	Jiffy Lube Live	5 SOS @ Jiffy Lube Live
8/19/2023	Philadelphia, PA	TD Pavilion at the Mann	5 SOS @ TD Pavilion at the Mann
8/21/2023	New York, NY	Madison Square Garden	5 SOS @ Madison Square Garden
8/23/2023	Chicago, IL	Huntington Bank Pavilion at Northerly Island	5 SOS @ Huntington Bank Pavilion at Northerly Island
8/25/2023	Cuyahoga Falls, OH	Blossom Music Center	5 SOS @ Blossom Music Center
8/26/2023	Cincinnati, OH	Riverbend Music Center	5 SOS @ Riverbend Music Center
8/28/2023	Minneapolis, MN	The Armory	5 SOS @ The Armory
8/30/2023	Indianapolis, IN	TCU Amphitheater at White River State Park	5 SOS @ TCU Amphitheater at White River State Park
9/1/2023	Franklin, TN	FirstBank Amphitheater	5 SOS @ FirstBank Amphitheater
9/2/2023	Alpharetta, GA	Ameris Bank Amphitheatre	5 SOS @ Ameris Bank Amphitheatre
9/3/2023	Raleigh, NC	Red Hat Amphitheater	5 SOS @ Red Hat Amphitheater
9/6/2023	Hollywood, FL	Hard Rock Live	5 SOS @ Hard Rock Live
9/9/2023	Woodlands, TX	The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion	5 SOS @ The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion
9/10/2023	Irving, TX	The Pavilion at Toyota Music Factory	5 SOS @ The Pavilion at Toyota Music Factory
9/13/2023	Phoenix, AZ	Talking Stick Resort Amphitheatre	5 SOS @ Talking Stick Resort Amphitheatre
9/14/2023	Inglewood, CA	Kia Forum	5 SOS @ Kia Forum
-
The All-American Rejects - Wet Hot All-American Summer Tour
all_american_rejects.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
The All-American Rejects will perform in 24 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the The All-American Rejects details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue. You can find the complete list of all shows on allamericanrejects.com.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When do presales start?

There may be a few presales for The All-American Rejects. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The All-American Rejects general onsale starts Friday, April 7, 2023 at 10:00 a.m. local venue time.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for The All-American Reject by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

VIP Packages
The All-American Rejects are offering VIP experiences. Here’s what you can expect:

The Ultimate Rejects Experience
See Full VIP Details!

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the The All-American Rejects details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
11-Aug-23	Tampa, FL	MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre	@ MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre
12-Aug-23	Alpharetta, GA	Ameris Bank Amphitheater	@ Ameris Bank Amphitheater
14-Aug-23	Raleigh, NC	Red Hat Amphitheater	@ Red Hat Amphitheater
15-Aug-23	Holmdel, NJ	PNC Bank Arts Center	@ PNC Bank Arts Center
17-Aug-23	Philadelphia,, PA	Skyline Stage at The Mann	@ Skyline Stage at The Mann
18-Aug-23	Boston, MA	MGM Music Hall at Fenway	@ MGM Music Hall at Fenway
19-Aug-23	Bridgeport, CT	Hartford Healthcare Amphitheater	@ Hartford Healthcare Amphitheater
21-Aug-23	Darien Center, NY	Darien Lake Amphitheater	@ Darien Lake Amphitheater
22-Aug-23	Sterling, MI	Michigan Lottery Amphitheater	@ Michigan Lottery Amphitheater
24-Aug-23	Indianapolis, IN	TCU Amphitheater at White River State Park	@ TCU Amphitheater at White River State Park
25-Aug-23	Nashville, TN	Nashville Municipal Auditorium	@ Nashville Municipal Auditorium
27-Aug-23	Minneapolis, MN	The Armory	@ The Armory
22-Sep-23	Denver, CO	Fillmore Auditorium	@ Fillmore Auditorium
23-Sep-23	Salt Lake City, UT	The Great Saltair	@ The Great Saltair
26-Sep-23	Auburn, WA	White River Amphitheatre	@ White River Amphitheatre
27-Sep-23	Ridgefield, WA	RV Inn Style Resorts Amphitheater	@ RV Inn Style Resorts Amphitheater
29-Sep-23	Mountain View, CA	Shoreline Amphitheatre	@ Shoreline Amphitheatre
30-Sep-23	Wheatland, CA	Toyota Amphitheatre	@ Toyota Amphitheatre
3-Oct-23	Los Angeles, CA	YouTube Theater	@ YouTube Theater
6-Oct-23	San Diego, CA	Park at Petco Park	@ Park at Petco Park
7-Oct-23	Phoenix, AZ	Talking Stick Resort Amphitheatre	@ Talking Stick Resort Amphitheatre
8-Oct-23	Albuquerque, NM	Isleta Amphitheater	@ Isleta Amphitheater
12-Oct-23	Houston, TX	713 Music Hall	@ 713 Music Hall
-
Melanie Martinez: PORTALS Tour
melanie_martinez.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
Melanie Martinez will perform in 29 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the Melanie Martinez details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue. You can find the complete list of all shows on melaniemartinezmusic.com.

Ticketmaster Event Chart

Presale
When do presales start?

There may be a few presales for Melanie Martinez. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The Melanie Martinez general onsale starts Friday, April 7, 2023. Start time will vary by event. Please click on your event page link from the Ticketmaster Event chart below.

How many tickets can I buy?

You can purchase up to 4 tickets during presales and 8 for the public onsale.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for Melanie Martinez by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

Delivery Delay
Melanie Martinez tickets have a delivery delay — the period of time between the purchase and access to a ticket. It’s used to prevent tickets from being accessed until we can confirm everyone has adhered to the event ticket limit and didn’t use unfair ticket technology to buy in bulk.

If your order has a delivery delay, the tickets won’t be shipped and mobile ticket barcodes won’t be available until the delivery delay passes.

The delivery delay for Melanie Martinez tickets is in place until approximately 3 days before your event date.

VIP Packages
Melanie Martinez is offering VIP experiences. Here’s what you can expect:

Portals VIP Experience
VIP Early Entry Package
See Full VIP Details!

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the Melanie Martinez details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
5/30/2023	Denver, CO	Fillmore Auditorium	Melanie Martinez @ Fillmore Auditorium
6/1/2023	Sandy, UT	Sandy Amphitheater	Melanie Martinez @ Sandy Amphitheater
6/3/2023	Seattle, WA	WaMu Theater	Melanie Martinez @ WaMu Theater
6/4/2023	Portland, OR	Theater of the Clouds at Moda Center	Melanie Martinez @ Theater of the Clouds at Moda Center
6/6/2023	San Francisco, CA	Bill Graham Civic Auditorium	Melanie Martinez @ Bill Graham Civic Auditorium
6/7/2023	Wheatland, CA	Hard Rock Live Sacramento	Melanie Martinez @ Hard Rock Live Sacramento
6/9/2023	Inglewood, CA	YouTube Theater	Melanie Martinez @ YouTube Theater
6/10/2023	San Diego, CA	Viejas Arena	Melanie Martinez @ Viejas Arena
6/12/2023	Phoenix, AZ	Arizona Financial Theatre	Melanie Martinez @ Arizona Financial Theatre
6/15/2023	Irving, TX	The Pavilion at Toyota Music Factory	Melanie Martinez @ The Pavilion at Toyota Music Factory
6/16/2023	Houston, TX	713 Music Hall	Melanie Martinez @ 713 Music Hall
6/17/2023	Austin, TX	Moody Amphitheater	Melanie Martinez @ Moody Amphitheater
6/20/2023	Tampa, FL	Yuengling Center	Melanie Martinez @ Yuengling Center
6/21/2023	Hollywood, FL	Hard Rock Live	Melanie Martinez @ Hard Rock Live
6/23/2023	Atlanta, GA	Cadence Bank Amphitheater	Melanie Martinez @ Cadence Bank Amphitheater
6/24/2023	Charlotte, NC	Skyla Credit Union Amphitheater	Melanie Martinez @ Skyla Credit Union Amphitheater
6/27/2023	Bridgeport, CT	Hartford Healthcare Amphitheater	Melanie Martinez @ Hartford Healthcare Amphitheater
6/28/2023	New York, NY	Radio City Music Hall	Melanie Martinez @ Radio City Music Hall
6/30/2023	Philadelphia, PA	Skyline Stage at The Mann	Melanie Martinez @ Skyline Stage at The Mann
7/1/2023	Boston, MA	MGM Music Hall at Fenway	Melanie Martinez @ MGM Music Hall at Fenway
7/2/2023	Washington, DC	The Anthem	Melanie Martinez @ The Anthem
7/7/2023	Cincinnati, OH	The Andrew J Brady Music Center	Melanie Martinez @ The Andrew J Brady Music Center
7/8/2023	Sterling Heights, MI	Michigan Lottery Amphitheater	Melanie Martinez @ Michigan Lottery Amphitheater
7/10/2023	Maryland Heights, MO	Saint Louis Music Park	Melanie Martinez @ Saint Louis Music Park
7/11/2023	Chicago, IL	Byline Bank Aragon Ballroom	Melanie Martinez @ Byline Bank Aragon Ballroom
7/12/2023	Minneapolis, MN	The Armory	Melanie Martinez @ The Armory
7/14/2023	Toronto, ON	Meridian Hall	Melanie Martinez @ Meridian Hall
7/15/2023	Montreal, QC	MTELUS	Melanie Martinez @ MTELUS
-
Tears for Fears
tears_for_fears.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
Tears for Fears will perform in 21 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the Tears for Fears details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When does the Citi® Cardmember Presale start?

Citi® Cardmember Presale starts Tuesday, April 4, 2023 at 10:00 a.m. local venue time.

How does the Citi® Cardmember Presale work?

To get your presale instructions, select your sale below:

Citi® Cardmember Presale instructions

When do other presales start?

There may be a few presales for Tears for Fears. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The Tears for Fears general onsale starts Friday, April 7, 2023 at 10:00 a.m. local venue time.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for Tears for Fears by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

VIP Packages
Tears for Fears is offering VIP experiences. Here’s what you can expect:

FRONT ROW SOUND CHECK VIP PACKAGE
SOUND CHECK VIP PACKAGE
HOT TICKET PACKAGE
See Full VIP Details!

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the Tears for Fears details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
6/23/2023	Atlantic City, NJ	Hard Rock Live at Etess Arena	Tears for Fears @ Hard Rock Live at Etess Arena
6/24/2023	Uncasville, CT	Mohegan Sun Arena	Tears for Fears @ Mohegan Sun Arena
6/26/2023	New York, NY	Madison Square Garden	Tears for Fears @ Madison Square Garden
6/29/2023	Toronto, ON	Budweiser Stage	Tears for Fears @ Budweiser Stage
6/30/2023	Laval, QC	Place Bell	Tears for Fears @ Place Bell
7/2/2023	Saratoga Springs, NY	Saratoga Performing Arts Center	Tears for Fears @ Saratoga Performing Arts Center
7/5/2023	Bethel, NY	Bethel Woods Center for the Arts	Tears for Fears @ Bethel Woods Center for the Arts
7/7/2023	Virginia Beach, VA	Veterans United Home Loans Amp	Tears for Fears @ Veterans United Home Loans Amp
7/8/2023	Raleigh, NC	Coastal Credit Union Music Park at Walnut Creek	Tears for Fears @ Coastal Credit Union Music Park at Walnut Creek
7/11/2023	Franklin, TN	FirstBank Amphitheater	Tears for Fears @ FirstBank Amphitheater
7/13/2023	Maryland Heights, MO	Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre - STL	Tears for Fears @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre - STL
7/16/2023	Woodlands, TX	The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion	Tears for Fears @ The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion
7/17/2023	Austin, TX	Moody Center	Tears for Fears @ Moody Center
7/20/2023	Denver, CO	Ball Arena	Tears for Fears @ Ball Arena
7/22/2023	Ridgefield, WA	RV Inn Style Resorts Amphitheater	Tears for Fears @ RV Inn Style Resorts Amphitheater
7/24/2023	Vancouver, BC	Rogers Arena	Tears for Fears @ Rogers Arena
7/26/2023	Bend, OR	Hayden Homes Amphitheater	Tears for Fears @ Hayden Homes Amphitheater
7/27/2023	Seattle, WA	Climate Pledge Arena	Tears for Fears @ Climate Pledge Arena
7/29/2023	Wheatland, CA	Toyota Amphitheatre	Tears for Fears @ Toyota Amphitheatre
8/1/2023	Palm Desert, CA	Acrisure Arena at Greater Palm Springs	Tears for Fears @ Acrisure Arena at Greater Palm Springs
8/2/2023	Hollywood, CA	Hollywood Bowl	Tears for Fears @ Hollywood Bowl
-
The Smashing Pumpkins: The World Is A Vampire Tour
smashing_pumpkins.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
The Smashing Pumpkins will perform in 21 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check The Smashing Pumpkins details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When do presales start?

There may be a few presales for The Smashing Pumpkins. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The Smashing Pumpkins general onsale starts Friday, March 31, 2023 at 10 a.m. local venue time.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for The Smashing Pumpkins by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the The Smashing Pumpkins details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
1-Aug-23	Salt Lake City, UT	USANA Amphitheatre	The Smashing Pumpkins @ USANA Amphitheatre
3-Aug-23	Mountain View, CA	Shoreline Amphitheatre	The Smashing Pumpkins @ Shoreline Amphitheatre
5-Aug-23	Auburn, WA	White River Amphitheatre	The Smashing Pumpkins @ White River Amphitheatre
6-Aug-23	Bend, OR	Hayden Homes Amphitheater	The Smashing Pumpkins @ Hayden Homes Amphitheater
7-Aug-23	Wheatland, CA	Toyota Amphitheatre	The Smashing Pumpkins @ Toyota Amphitheatre
9-Aug-23	Irvine, CA	FivePoint Amphitheatre	The Smashing Pumpkins @ FivePoint Amphitheatre
10-Aug-23	Chula Vista, CA	North Island Credit Union Amphitheatre	The Smashing Pumpkins @ North Island Credit Union Amphitheatre
13-Aug-23	Albuquerque, NM	Isleta Amphitheater	The Smashing Pumpkins @ Isleta Amphitheater
15-Aug-23	Dallas, TX	Dos Equis Pavilion	The Smashing Pumpkins @ Dos Equis Pavilion
19-Aug-23	West Palm Beach, FL	iTHINK Financial Amphitheatre	The Smashing Pumpkins @ iTHINK Financial Amphitheatre
20-Aug-23	Tampa, FL	MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre	The Smashing Pumpkins @ MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre
22-Aug-23	Charlotte, NC	PNC Music Pavilion	The Smashing Pumpkins @ PNC Music Pavilion
24-Aug-23	Holmdel, NJ	PNC Bank Arts Center	The Smashing Pumpkins @ PNC Bank Arts Center
25-Aug-23	Gilford, NH	Bank of New Hampshire Pavilion	The Smashing Pumpkins @ Bank of New Hampshire Pavilion
30-Aug-23	Wantagh, NY	Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater	The Smashing Pumpkins @ Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater
31-Aug-23	Bristow, VA	Jiffy Lube Live	The Smashing Pumpkins @ Jiffy Lube Live
2-Sep-23	Toronto, ON	Budweiser Stage	The Smashing Pumpkins @ Budweiser Stage
3-Sep-23	Ottawa, ON	Canadian Tire Center	The Smashing Pumpkins @ Canadian Tire Center
6-Sep-23	Clarkston, MI	Pine Knob Music Theatre	The Smashing Pumpkins @ Pine Knob Music Theatre
8-Sep-23	Franklin, TN	FirstBank Amphitheater	The Smashing Pumpkins @ FirstBank Amphitheater
9-Sep-23	Noblesville, IN	Ruoff Music Center	The Smashing Pumpkins @ Ruoff Music Center
-
Godsmack and Staind - Tour 2023
godsmack.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
Godsmack and Staind will perform in 26 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the Godsmack or Staind details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue. You can find the complete list of all shows on godsmack.com or staindofficial.com.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
When does the Citi® Cardmember Presale start?

Citi® Cardmember Presale starts Tuesday, March 28, 2023 at 10:00 a.m. local venue time.

How does the Citi® Cardmember Presale work?

To get your presale instructions, select your sale below:

Citi® Cardmember Presale instructions

When do other presales start?

There may be a few presales for Godsmack and Staind. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?

Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?

To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The Godsmack and Staind general onsale starts Friday, March 31, 2023 at 10:00 a.m. local venue time.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for Godsmack and Staind by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

VIP Packages
Godsmack and Staind are offering VIP experiences. Here’s what you can expect:

Godsmack - LIGHTING UP THE SKY VIP PACKAGE
Godsmack - BEST OF TIMES VIP PACKAGE
Godsmack - LET'S GO TICKET PACKAGE
Staind - Side Stage Experience
Staind - Reserved VIP Package
Staind - GA VIP Package
See Full Godsmack VIP Details!
See Full Staind VIP Details!

All merchandise, VIP package elements, fan club memberships, and ticket insurance originally purchased or included with the ticket are not transferable.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the Godsmack or Staind details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
18-Jul-23	St. Louis, MO	Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre - STL	Godsmack and Staind @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
20-Jul-23	Raleigh, NC	Coastal Credit Union Music Park	Godsmack and Staind @ Coastal Credit Union Music Park
21-Jul-23	Virginia Beach, VA	Veterans United Home Loans Amphitheater	Godsmack and Staind @ Veterans United Home Loans Amphitheater
22-Jul-23	Bristow, VA	Jiffy Lube Live	Godsmack and Staind @ Jiffy Lube Live
25-Jul-23	Gilford, NH	Bank of New Hampshire Pavilion	Godsmack and Staind @ Bank of New Hampshire Pavilion
26-Jul-23	Mansfield, MA	Xfinity Center	Godsmack and Staind @ Xfinity Center
28-Jul-23	Camden, NJ	Freedom Mortgage Pavilion	Godsmack and Staind @ Freedom Mortgage Pavilion
29-Jul-23	Holmdel, NJ	PNC Bank Arts Center	Godsmack and Staind @ PNC Bank Arts Center
30-Jul-23	Wantagh, NY	Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater	Godsmack and Staind @ Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater
2-Aug-23	Scranton, PA	The Pavilion at Montage Mountain	Godsmack and Staind @ The Pavilion at Montage Mountain
3-Aug-23	Syracuse, NY	St. Joseph's Health Amphitheater at Lakeview	Godsmack and Staind @ St. Joseph's Health Amphitheater
5-Aug-23	Burgettstown, PA	The Pavilion at Star Lake	Godsmack and Staind @ The Pavilion at Star Lake
6-Aug-23	Buffalo, NY	Darien Lake Amphitheatre	Godsmack and Staind @ Darien Lake Amphitheatre
8-Aug-23	Toronto, ON	Budweiser Stage	Godsmack and Staind @ Budweiser Stage
9-Aug-23	Detroit, MI	Pine Knob Music Theatre	Godsmack and Staind @ Pine Knob Music Theatre
10-Aug-23	Tinley Park, IL	Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre - CHI	Godsmack and Staind @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
12-Aug-23	Indianapolis, IN	Ruoff Music Center	Godsmack and Staind @ Ruoff Music Center
13-Aug-23	Milwaukee, WI	American Family Insurance Amphitheatre	Godsmack and Staind @ American Family Insurance Amphitheatre
16-Aug-23	Salt Lake City, UT	USANA Amphitheatre	Godsmack and Staind @ USANA Amphitheatre
20-Aug-23	Ridgefield, WA	RV Inn Style Resorts Amphitheater	Godsmack and Staind @ RV Inn Style Resorts Amphitheater
24-Aug-23	Irvine, CA	FivePoint Amphitheatre	Godsmack and Staind @ FivePoint Amphitheatre
26-Aug-23	Las Vegas, NV	Zappos Theater at Planet Hollywood	Godsmack and Staind @ Zappos Theater at Planet Hollywood
27-Aug-23	San Diego, CA	North Island Credit Union Amphitheatre	Godsmack and Staind @ North Island Credit Union Amphitheatre
31-Aug-23	Austin, TX	Germania Insurance Amphitheater	Godsmack and Staind @ Germania Insurance Amphitheater
9-Sep-23	Welch, MN	Treasure Island Casino	Godsmack and Staind @ Treasure Island Casino
-
Weekends with Adele
adele.jpg

Key Dates and Times to Know
Registration is now open and closes on Sunday, April 2 at 11:59 PM PT
Invitations to the presale will be sent on the evening of Tuesday, April 4.
Presale takes place on Wednesday, Apr 5 at 10 am PT.
Registration Site: https://verifiedfan.ticketmaster.com/adele

Due to the limited number of tickets available, if demand for tickets from Verified Fans exceeds supply, there will not be a Public Onsale.

Important Things to Know During the Verified Fan Presale
If I receive a code, am I guaranteed tickets

Receiving an invitation means that you’ll have the opportunity to shop for tickets; however, the ability to purchase tickets is determined by supply and demand, and is not guaranteed. Tickets are available on a first come, first served basis.

How many tickets can I buy with my code?

You can purchase up to 4 tickets with your unique code and only for the show indicated in the text you received.

When will the Waiting Room open and does it help me if I join early?

The Waiting Room will open 10 minutes before each presale window begins. You may only join the Waiting Room using the same Ticketmaster account that you registered with. Attempting to join The Waiting Room with a different Ticketmaster account will not be permitted.

When the sale begins, fans in the Waiting Room will be assigned a spot in line. When it is your turn to shop, you must enter your access code exactly as it appears to access tickets.

Will there be other ways to buy Weekends with Adele residency at the Colosseum tickets?

Due to the limited number of tickets available, if demand for tickets from Verified Fans exceeds supply, there will not be a Public Onsale.

Need additional help with your unique Verified Fan code?

We’re here to help. To reach Fan Support visit this form and follow these steps: 

Please select a topic, click ‘Verified Fan’
Under ‘Event name,’ type Adele
For more information about the Weekends with Adele residency at the Colosseum visit our blog: https://blog.ticketmaster.com/adele-vegas/.
-
Drake: It's All A Blur Tour
drake.jpg

Ticketmaster Event Venues
Drake will perform in 25 shows. You can view a list of the venues, locations and dates powered by Ticketmaster by clicking Ticketmaster Event Chart below. This chart’s information may change, so please check the Drake details page for the most up-to-date information.

Ticketmaster may not ticket every venue. You can find the complete list of all shows on drakerelated.com.

Ticketmaster Event Chart
Presale
Cash App Presale
Starts on Wednesday, March 15, 2023 at 12 p.m. local venue time.

Enter the first 9 numbers of your Cash App Card in the passcode box to view this offer. To complete your purchase, you must use an active Cash App Card at checkout. If you don't already have a Cash App Card, download Cash App at https://cash.app/get-cash-card. As long as you have a verified home address linked to your account, you can use the card immediately by using the virtual card details. Make sure you have enough cash in your Cash App account to cover the cost of your tickets.

When do other presales start?
There may be a few presales for Drake. To find the full list of available presales, follow the steps below:

Click the link to your event page on the Ticketmaster Event Chart
Click Event Info/See Tickets
If the first presale hasn’t started, you will see a countdown timer and a list of all presales.
If a presale has already started, click the View Onsales Time link
How do presales work?
Presales give fans with codes the opportunity to purchase tickets before the general public. However, the codes don’t guarantee tickets.

Presale codes are always entered before you choose your tickets. Look for the Offer Code box or link on your event to enter your presale code. You can find a visual guide in our FAQ How do presales work?

Where can I find a presale code?
To make your ticket hunt a little easier, we’ve put together a list of the most common presales so you can determine the best ways to get tickets for the artist, team or event you can’t wait to see. Review our FAQ How do I get a presale or offer code?

Not all events have presales or offers, and not all events will have every type of presale.

Onsale
The Drake general onsale starts Friday, March 17, 2023 at 12 p.m. local venue time.

How many tickets can I buy?
You can purchase up to 6 tickets during the general public onsale.

Accessible Tickets
You can search for accessible tickets for Drake by selecting the Filters button and toggling the Show accessible tickets button.

Venues are solely responsible for establishing their own accessible seating ticket policies. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary by venue. Some venues sell all or a portion of their accessible seating tickets only through their box office and not through Ticketmaster.

Visit the FAQ How do I request accessible tickets? for more information on purchasing accessible tickets.

Venue Specific Information
For venue information such as prohibited items, directions and venue policies, click your venue from the chart below.

Ticketmaster Events
This chart’s information may change, so please check the Drake details page for the most up-to-date information.

Date	Location	Venue	Event Page
6/16/2023	New Orleans, LA	Smoothie King Center	Drake @ Smoothie King Center
6/19/2023	Nashville, TN	Bridgestone Arena	Drake @ Bridgestone Arena
6/24/2023	Dallas, TX	American Airlines Center	Drake @ American Airlines Center
6/28/2023	Miami, FL	Miami-Dade Arena	Drake @ Miami-Dade Arena
7/1/2023	Atlanta, GA	State Farm Arena	Drake @ State Farm Arena
7/2/2023	Atlanta, GA	State Farm Arena	Drake @ State Farm Arena
7/5/2023	Chicago, IL	United Center	Drake @ United Center
7/6/2023	Chicago, IL	United Center	Drake @ United Center
7/8/2023	Detroit, MI	Little Caesars Arena	Drake @ Little Caesars Arena
7/11/2023	Boston, MA	TD Garden	Drake @ TD Garden
7/12/2023	Boston, MA	TD Garden	Drake @ TD Garden
7/14/2023	Montreal, QC	Centre Bell	Drake @ Centre Bell
7/17/2023	Brooklyn, NY	Barclays Center	Drake @ Barclays Center
7/18/2023	Brooklyn, NY	Barclays Center	Drake @ Barclays Center
7/25/2023	New York, NY	Madison Square Garden	Drake @ MSG
7/26/2023	New York, NY	Madison Square Garden	Drake @ MSG
7/28/2023	Washington, DC	Capital One Arena	Drake @ Capital One Arena
8/12/2023	Inglewood, CA	Kia Forum	Drake @ Kia Forum
8/13/2023	Inglewood, CA	Kia Forum	Drake @ Kia Forum
8/18/2023	San Francisco, CA	Chase Center	Drake @ Chase Center
8/21/2023	Los Angeles, CA	Crypto.com Arena	Drake @ Crypto.com Arena
8/22/2023	Los Angeles, CA	Crypto.com Arena	Drake @ Crypto.com Arena
8/25/2023	Seattle, WA	Climate Pledge Arena	Drake @ Climate Pledge Arena
8/28/2023	Vancouver, BC	Rogers Arena	Drake @ Rogers Arena
9/5/2023	Glendale, AZ	Desert Diamond Arena	Drake @ Desert Diamond Arena
-
The Cure
the_cure.jpg

Key Dates and Times to Know
Registration
Registration is closed.

Registration Site: https://verifiedfan.ticketmaster.com/thecure2023

For more information on this Verified Fan event, please visit https://blog.ticketmaster.com/the-cure-shows-of-a-lost-world-tour/

Invitation
Verified Fan Onsale Invitations will be sent on the evening before the Verified Fan Onsale is scheduled to start to fans who have been verified and invited to shop. In that invitation email, we will include timing details for when you will receive a link to where you can purchase your tickets and your unique access code.

Before the sale begins, we’ll text the number you provided during registration with your unique access code and link to buy tickets.

Remember, only Ticketmaster can provide access codes. Visit the blog How to Avoid Fake “Speculative” Tickets for Live Events for more information on how to spot fake tickets.

Onsale
The Cure Verified Fan onsale starts Wednesday, 3/15/2023 starting at 10 a.m. local venue time. Only Verified Fans with approved links will be able to join.

No Verified Fan tickets have been sold yet.

Important Things to Know During the VF Onsale
If I receive a code, am I guaranteed tickets?

You can shop for tickets if you receive an access code, but it’s not guaranteed you’ll be able to purchase tickets. They’re available on a first come, first served basis.

How many tickets can I buy with my code?

You can purchase up to 4 tickets with your unique code and only for the show indicated in the text you received.

Can I share my access code?

Verified Fan codes can't be purchased or transferred. Your access code is unique to your individual account.

How do I join the queue?

By signing in through the link we texted the phone number you provided during registration, you can easily access the queue.

I got an email saying I’m on the waitlist, what does that mean?

When demand exceeds availability, a lottery-style process will determine which registered Verified Fans will receive a unique access code and which will be put on the waitlist.
Receiving an email saying you’re on the waitlist means that if tickets remain, we may text you an access code to join the ticket sale. The lottery-style process will be used to determine who gets off the waitlist.

Face Value Ticket Exchange
To give fans the best chance to buy tickets at face value, the artist has requested tickets to this event be mobile only and restricted from transfer*. If you purchase a ticket and can't attend, you can list your ticket for sale at the price you paid on our Face Value Ticket Exchange starting this spring. There will be no additional fees charged to Exchange users for buying or selling tickets on the Exchange. To learn more about Ticketmaster's Face Value Ticket Exchange, please read our FAQ.

*Ticket Transfer will be available for NYC and Chicago.

Need additional help with your unique Verified Fan code?
We’re here to help. To reach Fan Support about your code, follow these steps:

Visit this form.
Under the Please select a topic section, select Verified Fan.
Under Event name, type The Cure.
Fill in the other required fields.
Submit your form.
Have questions about Ticketmaster Verified Fan? Visit our Verified Fan blog to learn more.
-
Where can I find the status of my event and tickets?
If the Event Organizer changes the status of an event, we’ll send you a notification.

For the most up-to-date information on any scheduling changes and refund options, check your event in your online account. You can find a comprehensive list of events with status and scheduling changes on our Event Status Update page.


-
What happens if my event is canceled?
If an event is canceled, no action is required to obtain a refund. Once we’ve received funds from the Event Organizer (exceptions include MLB games and the US Open) the refund will be issued to the original method of payment used at time of purchase. Different rules apply to transfer and resold tickets (and some others). Refer to your email notification for your available options.

In some instances, the Event Organizer may give you the option to request a refund, or choose between a refund or a credit. If this happens, we’ll notify you of those options.

If you purchased tickets at the venue’s box office to an event that has now been canceled, you can choose your refund options in person 30 days after the Event Organizer approves funds. For the latest box office information, search for the venue on Livenation.com and select Venue Info.

 For more information, please see our Purchase Policy.


-
What happens if my event is postponed?
If an event has been postponed, it means the Event Organizer is still working to determine whether the event will be rescheduled or canceled. Your tickets are still valid and no further action is required. 

When the Event Organizer cancels or reschedules the event, we’ll notify you of the new status and explain your options. In some instances, the Event Organizer may give you the option to request a refund. If that is the case, we will notify you. 

Refund policies are determined by the Event Organizers on an event-by-event basis and may be subject to their limitations.

For more information, see our Purchase Policy.
-
What happens if my event is rescheduled or moved?
If an event is rescheduled or moved, your tickets (including any upgrades or add-ons, such as parking) are still valid for the new date — you won’t need to do anything else.

In some instances, the Event Organizer may give you the option to request a refund.

If you purchased tickets at the venue’s box office to an event that has now been rescheduled, contact the box office where you purchased your tickets for more details.

Refund policies are determined by the Event Organizers on an event-by-event basis and may be subject to their limitations.

For more information, see our Purchase Policy.


-
What happens when refunds are approved for my event?
If the Event Organizer approves refunds, we’ll send you a notification explaining your options and whether there are any steps you need to take to obtain a refund. Once funds are received from the Event Organizer, all refunds will be processed to the original method of payment used at time of purchase.

Your online account will contain up-to-date information. 

All requests for refunds are final and cannot be changed once initiated.

For more information, please see our Purchase Policy.


-
Accessible Tickets: Everything you need to know
Live Nation, on behalf of its clients, strives to make it as easy as possible to purchase accessible seating tickets for venues across the country. Most venues offer accessible seating areas to accommodate their guests. Availability and type of accessible seating tickets will vary based on each venue's policies and/or the type of event taking place.

How do I buy accessible tickets?
Accessible tickets can be purchased online directly from your event’s interactive seat map or by contacting us at (800) 877-7575. Fans who are not purchasing or requiring assistance with their accessible tickets order won’t be serviced on this line.

Accessible tickets are reserved solely for fans with disabilities and their companions. Fans who abuse this policy could have their order canceled.

How do I see the types of accessible tickets available for my event?
The number and types of accessible tickets available varies by event and venue. To see what accessible tickets are available for your event follow these steps:

Select the Filter button.
Toggle the Show accessible tickets switch and the types of accessible tickets available for that event will appear.
Select the Apply Filters button.
Click or tap a section on the interactive seat map to see how many accessible tickets are available, as well as their location within the section and price.
Some venues only sell accessible tickets at their box office. Click More Info or tap the i icon on the app to find out more information for accessible tickets policies for each event and venue.

There are events where Ticketmaster isn’t the primary ticket seller; tickets are posted for sale by third-party sellers or other fans. In this case, we can’t guarantee that accessible tickets will be posted for resale. So, if you require accessible tickets for these events, contact the primary ticket seller and/or the venue box office to check on availability of accessible tickets.

Can I buy accessible tickets for VIP packages?
Accessible tickets are available to purchase for all VIP packages. After purchasing your VIP Package to the event of your choice, you’ll need to submit a request for accessible tickets for your VIP Package. A Fan Support representative will assist you with your request.

For assistance, follow these steps:

Sign into your My Account.
Find your VIP Package order in the My Tickets section and click See Details or in My Events on the app.
Tap the blue chat bubble.
As VIP packages are unique from venue to venue, artist to artist and event to event, accessibility options may differ.

Can I submit a request to buy accessible tickets before the event goes on sale?
Accessible tickets may be purchased online at the same time as non-accessible tickets become available, whether it’s during a presale, Verified Fan sale or general public onsale period.

If the accessible tickets allotted during an event’s presale or Verified Fan sale period are depleted, you can shop for tickets once the general public onsale begins.
-
How do I request accessible tickets?
Accessible tickets can be purchased online directly from the seat map. Or you can also toggle the accessibility icon within the filters section to view available tickets.

The number and types of accessible tickets vary by event and venue. Some venues only sell accessible tickets at their box office. You can find these details by clicking the More Info button next to the event title.

For some events, Ticketmaster isn’t the primary ticket seller; tickets are posted for sale by third-party sellers or other fans. In this case, we can’t guarantee that accessible tickets will be posted for resale. So, if you require accessible seating for these events, contact the primary ticket seller and/or the venue box office to check on availability of accessible tickets.

For assistance with an order you’ve already placed, contact Fan Support.


-
Can I buy tickets for accessible seats if I'm not disabled?
No, accessible tickets are only for fans with disabilities and their companions. Fans who abuse this policy could have their order canceled.

If you’ve purchased accessible tickets in error, please contact Fan Support.


-
How can I purchase a VIP package with accessible seats?
After purchasing your VIP Package to the event of your choice, you’ll need to submit a request for accessible tickets for your VIP Package. A Fan Support representative will assist you with your request.

For assistance, follow these steps:

Sign into your My Account.
Find your VIP Package order in the My Tickets section and click See Details or in My Events on the app.
Click Contact Us under your Order Details or tap the blue chat bubble on the app.
As VIP packages are unique from venue to venue, artist to artist and event to event, accessibility options may differ.


-
How do I find accessible tickets on an interactive seat map?
From the interactive seat map page, click Filters and then the accessibility icon for seat availability or more information. Remember to click Apply Filters to show accessible tickets on the map.
-
How do I get help if I am using Screen Reader Software?
If you're using screen reader software like JAWS or NVDA and you need help finding an event or completing an order, please call us at 800-877-7575.


-


